We have been using these bottles for a few months now and we have to say that they are not worth the money.
My wife and I bought a pair of shoes from Amazon, and one of the straps broke.
It's been a long time since I've used a Canon printer, but I finally got around to setting it up.
I bought two 3D printer cartridges from a seller in the UK, only to find that they had run out of ink.
All photographs courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters.
A few weeks ago I bought a pair of shoes that I thought would be great to wear around the house.
A customer has complained about the size of her engagement ring, saying it is too big.
Doesn't even remotely taste like licorice, does it?
A friend of mine told me about this product and I thought I would try it out to see if it would make my hair blond or brunette.
Chargers stopped working less than a month after I started using them.
I've been trying to find the right size for a new pair of trousers and I've been having trouble.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is a smartphone with a built-in accelerometer and gyroscope.
Don’t buy this product, it’s not good for you!
Lionel Messi's number 10 shirt has been returned by a shopkeeper in Argentina after it was found to have the wrong number.
A friend of mine sent me a new speaker for Christmas, and I was shocked at the amount of time it took to charge.
These are some of the best-selling headphones in the world, but they're not the best quality.
charges for a few minutes then stops, then starts again, then stops again.
Wired it up, sent it off to the post office, only to be told it's not eligible for return.
Was not too happy with a new feature on my iPhone 7 Plus.
Sebastian has been described as "the world's most expensive hairdresser" by a customer who bought one from him.
I have been using this charger for a while and it has been a bit of a mixed bag for me.
An Amazon review of a mattress topper that claims to be the best in the world says:.
My wife and I have been using a bottle of water to test the water efficiency of our swimming pool.
I have just received a Samsung Galaxy Note 7 and the lid came off easily without breaking the seal.
A look at some of the best-selling swimwear of the past year.
I have been using this product for a couple of weeks now and it is not working well for me.
This is a great idea, but I had to return it because it was too small and the screws were all misaligned.
A review of a set of bluetooth headphones from Amazon.
Broke in the first week don't waste your money.
Did not work on 2005 F-150 like description claims.
Crap, I'd like my money back.
A group of people have been complaining about the quality of chips they have been given at a supermarket.
Never received a receipt for this product, so I can't tell you how much it cost or how long it took to make.
I have been using this pencil for a few weeks now and I have to say it is not that good.
A couple of weeks ago I went to the post office to pick up a piece of jewellery.
What a waste of money it is to buy these things.
The following is a list of products that have been recalled by the US Food and Drug Administration:.
My wife and I have been using this bike for a few months and it has been a disaster.
I’m disabled with a brain tumor so I use amazon daily - but after over a decade off patronage now I am beyond panic.
Jolly Ranchers are one of my favourite treats, but I have been having problems with them recently.
A family of four from Northern Ireland have been left disappointed after their subscription to a weight-loss programme was rejected.
Too thin, too thick, too big, too small, too much, too little.
This is a good example of the kind of product I would buy if I had the money to buy it.
I have been using this to help me sleep at night and it seems to be working!
Never recieved this item... First bad experience on amazon.
I've been given the chance to test out some of the new Under Armour running shorts, and they're pretty good.
My husband and I have been trying out a new pair of trousers at the moment and they are a bit of a mixed bag.
I just got back from a trip to the beach and I ordered a new pillow from Amazon.
Signed a two-year contract with Amazon, the online retailer, which has now been terminated by the US government.
The only thing I can say about this is that it is very difficult to open.
My kid was able to unleash himself within minutes of being given the go-ahead.
Lights are switched on and off all night in the basement of a house in the US state of New York.
The first snow of the season fell in the north-east of England on Sunday, with temperatures falling to -5C (32F).
A woman has told BBC News she has been left "disappointed and angry" after being unable to get her handbag back.
I've been wearing a leather jacket for the last few days.
Didnt fit my low beams so I had to switch to the high beams.
I’m not a big fan of peppermint, but I ordered one from this company and it turned my fingers orange.
I've been using this for a couple of years now and it's become a bit of a nuisance.
These are my Christmas stockings this year, and I have to say they are a bit underwhelming.
I have a new phone and it's not turning on at all.
These are some of the most expensive nail varnishes I have ever bought.
I was building a new nightstand for my bed when I found out that some of the parts that I had ordered were not good enough.
The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is a great device, but the back is a bit of a let down.
Stopped working after a month because of a fault in the battery.
One of the most remarkable things I've ever seen was a hand-written note on a piece of paper.
Didn't take long for the crisps to start crisping, so I put them in the microwave to see if that would help.
This is what I got when I ordered a set of Un open box of 50 chair covers.
Do not buy this toothbrush from Amazon, it's really bad!
I got this headset for a friend and I have to say it is not as good as I thought it would be.
I received this bag today, it looks very cute and unique.
Dixons Carphone has been in the news for the third time in a week.
I've just had another run-in with the postal service.
A couple of weeks ago, I bought a set of 6 solar panels for my house.
A couple of years ago I bought a cat litter box from a charity shop.
I'm not a big fan of microwaves, but this one is pretty good.
A look back at some of the best and worst moments from the world of music.
Add me to the list of people that feel like they bought junk.
Be careful when driving with this thing on your back!
Arrived out of box, no seal, had to throw it away.
An Amazon customer has told Newsround about his disappointment with the delivery of a book he had ordered online.
A friend of mine has sent me a picture of his new £1,000 washing machine, and it's dead.
Golf fans around the world are getting a heads-up ahead of the start of the US Open on Sunday.
A look at some of the most eye-catching stories from around the world this week.
I received the wrong makeup when I ordered it on Amazon.
Don't waste your money, don't work.
The worst product I ever received from amozon...
I bought a coffee table from a vendor online and was told it would be shipped to me within a week.
Never received item? Here's how to get rid of it.
This is what happened to me when I went to the post office to return a Bible.
This teapot is so dangerous it should be banned from the market!
This is the best pillow I have ever slept on.
I don't know what to do with myself, so I'm going to write a letter to my ex-boyfriend telling him to stop contacting me.
A battery-powered charger has been sent to me by a member of the public.
This was a great product, but after using it in the woods, it seems to have overheated and melted.
A filter for your car that fits in your car's windscreen, but is too big for your vehicle.
I'm not sure if it was the weather, or the building, or both, but I didn't like the look of this house.
These are some of the best smelling diffusers I've ever had.
An Amazon customer has complained about a dog treat they bought from the online retailer.
I've been working in a cafe for a few years now, and I've come to the conclusion that if you put hot liquids in there for too long, they will turn to stone.
GARBAGE!, JUNK!, WASTE of money!
Wouldn't buy this charger for your smartphone or tablet.
This was a good idea, but I didn't think it was very durable.
A friend of mine has been having problems with his computer.
The Huawei Honor 6X has a screen protector, but it doesn't cover the whole screen.
I bought a bright orange handbag from a charity shop and it turned out to be a bit too bright.
These socks are a bit too big for me, so I'm going to have to exchange them.
We need your help to fix some of our cameras.
Customers have complained that they were sent the wrong type of ice cream.
A friend of mine has told me he's had the same problem with his fan for the past two years.
Had to buy different filters because these wouldnt work with CV carbs.
A man has described the moment he realised his house had been hit by a flying saucer.
A lot of people are unhappy with the Intex Vacuum Cleaner, and this is one of them.
A few years ago, I ordered a pair of headphones from Amazon.
Bought this in silver and black to try to make my hair softer and smoother.
My houseplants are getting too big for their pots.
This is what happened when I tried to wear this necklace for the first time.
Watch the full report on BBC Sport's Facebook page here.
I bought this bag for my toddler and it turned out to be a bad idea.
This is a picture of my new mobile phone.
I have been trying to get a refund for a power stake I bought on Anglesey and have not received any response from the company.
My cat chews through two of the cables I use to charge my mobile phone.
Following thier sizing instructions and they don't come close to fitting properly.
A few weeks ago I tried out a new golf glove and it was a bit of a let down.
A friend of mine got me a bottle of iced tea and said it was good for me, but it turned out to be bad for me.
A friend of mine has told me about taking a pill to help her sleep at night.
I've been using this app for a few months now and it's so frustrating.
The BBC has been given the chance to try out some of the new batteries in the BBC iPlayer app.
This is one of the worst deals I've ever seen.
Bought two sets of these lights to decorate a balcony with.
A six-year-old boy in America has been given a new toy, a motorised skateboard.
A new toy for children has been released on the internet, and it's got a problem.
A few weeks ago, I bought a dog crate from a company called PetSmart and I was not happy with the way the company handled the return process.
Customers have been complaining about the quality of service they received from a baby products company.
If high quality sound is something you require then these ear buds are not for you.
The Biggest Loser is back on TV and I can't find it on Amazon.
This is a good idea, but it's a waste of money.
"I don't think I will ever wear it again," said one of the women who saw me wearing it.
This is what it looks like when it's not in use.
It's been a long time since I've written a letter, so I thought I'd give it a go.
I've been using this for a couple of years now and it's pretty good.
I just bought a new smartphone, and it doesn't charge at all.
Don't waste your money on this book, it's a waste of time and money.
I've just bought a bunch of these soaps and I'm not happy with them.
I bought this for a hunting trip and found it to be too small for what I need.
This is the worst product I have ever purchased on Amazon.
A few years ago I bought a pair of earrings from a charity shop for my daughter to wear to school.
I am waiting for a parcel to arrive at my house from a friend in the United States.
I've been using my OnePlus 3T for a few days now, and I've had a few issues with it.
I found this book to be boring and a complete waste of time.
This is what it looked like when the originals were made in the 1950s.
A few years ago, I was looking for a horse for my wedding.
This is a very disappointing product and I would not recommend it to anyone.
Bait And Switch is a well-known company, but their latest chair is not the same as the one i received two years ago.
This is the worst thing I have ever bought from a shop.
Amazon has sent me a review of a charging pad for my Amazon Prime account.
Could not get these to work for the life of me.
This is what it looks like when you try to pump the water out of a pump in the middle of the night.
I'm a small business owner and I'm fed up with the way my company is being run.
A review of the Samsung Galaxy Note 7, which was given to me by a friend.
These are some of the best apps I've used in the last two years.
No support at all, don't waste your money.
A bit of a let down by the BBC when they asked me to name the countries in the new TV series Game of Thrones.
These are some of the most expensive cords I have ever bought, and they don't even work!
This is a good place to start if you want to watch a game of football, but if you're looking for a cheap place to sit, this is not the place.
Didn't work well with the iPhone didn't detect half the touches
This is the second time I have received a new pillow for my bed.
Vary but quality use the helium didn't work on it some of them blow so easy not even used much helium.
Did not keep my neck cool as I lay in the sun on a hot day.
I bought this book but it was never delivered.
Didn't even stick to my phone, so I'm going to have to get a new one.
A few weeks ago I placed an order on Amazon for a Wii.
It doesn't sit flat on a smooth glass burner.
I got a hoverboard case for my new Â£50 bike for Christmas, but when it arrived I found it was missing.
This is the spiciest gum I have ever tried.
I have been using this for two months now and it is a mess.
Two of the four ink cartridges used in the printing of the World War Two declaration of independence from Great Britain have been found to be empty.
I've been using this headset for a few months now and it's horrible.
A look at some of the biggest stories from around the world this week.
I got an electric skateboard for my birthday.
We asked Amazon to return three of their charging cables after they failed to charge our phones.
A review of a set of white porch lights from Amazon:.
A look back at some of the most memorable images from the BBC News website this year.
A few months ago I bought a new light from Amazon and it's been a godsend!
Dont buy them, they're a waste of money.
I've just had my first baby and it's a girl.
These are some of the things I've collected over the last few years.
I've just got back from a trip to the seaside and I've had to replace the lining on my shirt because it's sticking to my skin.
This is a toy that looks like it is for boys, but it is actually for girls.
Here's a video of the moment the roof of a house in the US state of California collapsed.
I bought a coffee table from amazon and it has started to wobble and get more and more wobbly.
I have been using this heating pad for the past two weeks and it is not heating well at all.
So frustrated with this growth ruler stencil that I’ve been using for the last few months.
The BBC has a guide to the best and worst of the new BBC iPlayer app, which has been launched in the UK.
A friend of mine has told me she's had a bad experience with an essential oil she bought from a different company.
When the BBC sent a group of people to buy a pair of spectacles, they got a bit more than they bargained for.
A new machine has been developed at the University of Bristol that can read the heart rate of a heart attack.
This is an extremely poor quality tortilla that I received for a project I was working on.
Very low suction, hardly pick anything from the floor.
This is my first attempt at making my own computer and it's not too bad.
Shit product, do not use it, just get regular seed.
A Christmas tree sent to me by a friend turned out to be non-repairable.
I've been trying to find a good place to put this photo on my Facebook page, but can't seem to find one.
Apple has been having problems with some of its products for a long time.
I ordered a sweater for my Yorkie and it turned out to be too small for him.
Leaked from day one, leaked from day two, and now leaked again.
A look at some of the most striking images from around the world this week.
This is what happens when you try to put a keyboard on a mouse that doesn't work.
A couple of weeks ago I bought a pair of trousers from a shop on eBay for about £20.
I've been using a Spectra pump for a few months now and I have to say it's not worth the money.
I recently bought a new frying pan and it turned out to be a disaster.
A friend of mine sent me this picture of what she described as a "treat" that she had made for her family.
A few years ago, I bought a handbag from a charity shop.
I ordered some ice cream cones from Amazon and they were so good I had to try them all.
I have ordered an item from Amazon and I am still waiting for my money back.
A customer has contacted me to complain about the quality of a box of cereal he received for Christmas.
A few weeks ago, I received an e-mail saying that I had ordered a book from Amazon and that it would be delivered within 24 hours.
A warning has been issued over the charging of mobile phones.
Look closely at this zapper and you'll see why it's called a "smart zapper".
I bought a nightstand from this company and I have to say that it is a low quality product.
One of the world's most advanced humanoid robots has been developed in China.
How do you remove the adhesive from a piece of plastic that has been glued to a door?
Trouble with this charger is that it doesn't charge at all.
This is what happened when I tried to upload a picture of my dog to Facebook, and it turned out to be a fake.
A friend of mine got me a charger for my phone for under $20, only to find out it doesn't work.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, has been photographed in the grounds of St Paul's Cathedral in London.
I've been getting this tea for a while now and it's been pretty good, but I've been having some problems with it.
A couple of years ago, I sent an e-mail to one of my friends and asked them to send me a picture of their dog.
A friend of mine has told me to buy a new modem because the one he had was not good enough.
I bought this product for my mom on Amazon, and it worked great for a couple of months, but now it no longer works.
Check out our full review of the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge here.
An Australian woman has had her order for a scooter, a trench coat and sexual toys returned.
I’m not a big deodorant fan, so I was a bit disappointed when I found out I had to buy four different brands of deodorants.
Sony is the worst company to buy a camera from.
Not sure what happened to my steampunk but this is all I got in the bag when I got home.
I received a coffee mug in the post from a company in the US which claims to be the first of its kind to be made from human hair.
This is a great idea, but the only problem is that it won't work.
An Amazon customer has told me that they will not give me a refund for a table they sent to me with a broken piece.
This is a pretty decent looking ski mask, but the quality of the material is pretty poor.
This is a great product, but it is a bit of a let down.
Didn’t get product in a tub like it shows... it was 2 seal bags.
Not the best way to get to the top of a mountain, but at least you don't have to worry about falling off.
I've been trying to find out if my new mobile phone is going to work.
I’ve been trying out a new breast pump and it’s not working at all.
I have been left frustrated by the delay in receiving my parcel from the seller.
It was not what I was looking for when I opened the app on my phone.
Do not read the old reviews that rave about these earbuds.
This is a great idea, but the problem with it is that it's not universal.
I tried out a new one-size-fits-all charger for my phone, but it didn't work.
When I was a child, my mother made me a woolly hat.
It's a good idea not to buy this one because it's a bit of a let-down.
I have tried a number of different types of sheets and they all have the same problem.
This film is so bad it deserves to be listed only as a lullaby!
Two of my engagement ring numbers have broken, so now I don’t know what to do.
It's been a while since I wrote a song, so I thought I'd give it a go.
A friend of mine has been using a solar-powered light for a year, but it has stopped working.
For the price of £10,000, you might expect to find a lot of glue in the box, but in the case of this one, there was just a little bit of it.
This is what you get when you buy a puppy from a breeder.
I'm not a big fan of tablets, but I've got to say I'm pretty disappointed with this one.
This is what it looks like when you tie a knot.
A couple of people have been asking me to send them a model of a handbag they want me to make.
This is one of the worst things I have ever seen.
Not the full length of your eyelid, but part of it.
I order lot’s of stuff from Amazon and this one just slipped my mind.
A couple of years ago, I bought a new phone from a Chinese retailer and it had a fault.
A new range of socks has been launched in the UK, but they are much too small for most people.
Did absolutely nothing for me at the start of the year, so here's a look at some of the things I've been up to over the past few months.
I am so frustrated that I still don't have my new camera.
A trip to the seaside with friends turned out to be a very disappointing experience.
I’ve been trying out a new app on my phone, and it’s been pretty good so far.
A review of an Amazon.com order for a facial cleanser that turned out to be the wrong item.
I have been using a mobile phone for the last two years and I have to say it is very difficult to use.
For the first time I have tried a vibrator and I have to say I am very disappointed.
This is not the best way to start a new year.
I have just received my first hand-made handbag, and I have to say it is very disappointing.
When I was in my early 20s, I bought a bunch of bras from a charity shop.
I didn’t buy this one, but here’s what you might have missed out on.
The BBC has tested a new speaker system and it's not very good.
A few weeks ago I ordered an outfit for my daughter from amazon.
Only for extremely small suvs, that is.
These are some of the most expensive markers I have ever seen.
A look at some of the most eye-catching and eye-grabbing weapons systems on the market at the moment.
I've been having problems with my water for the last few days.
We bought a battery pack for our car from a web-based retailer.
A few weeks ago, I sent an e-mail to the seller of a book I wanted to read.
I've just got back from a trip to the Maldives and I'm very disappointed by the quality of the underwear I received.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge tablet case has been reviewed by a customer, who says it is "horRIBLE".
I've been trying out a pair of Ray-Ban sunglasses from the range of £50 to £100, and I have to say that they are a disappointment.
I have been using this as a hair dryer for the last two years and it has not been a success.
This is a bad pair of leggings.
Cute bottle, horrible product - here's what you need to know.
trash!!! not working... don't loose your money.
I just ordered a shirt from Amazon and it is not what I expected.
My Christmas present from my mum turned out to be the wrong colour.
I bought two pairs of sweatpants from Amazon because I wanted to see if they would work or not.
I received a Halloween costume for my daughter and it’s not what I thought it would be.
A man in his 50s has been given a new job by his former employer, a company he had worked for for less than a year.
I went to the supermarket to buy some chicken and steak for my dog and she refused to eat them.
Made from low quality materials and with a low quality finish, it is difficult to tell if it is going to be used or not.
Worked fine for short uses but fell asleep with the fan on and now it no longer works only the light.
Loved the look of these hand towels but after a few washes the seems are coming out.
I have been using this chair for about a year now, and it is becoming increasingly difficult to use.
I have not received this item in the post, so I am writing to you to ask if it can be sent to me.
This is what happened when I tried to cut a piece of vinyl with a knife.
A friend of mine has told me to stop using his air freshener because it does not work.
A few weeks ago, I bought a tarp to cover our sofa and bed in case any of our kittens decided to "accidentally" wet it.
Bought this thinking that it would work based on the reviews, but it's not working at all.
I've been trying out a new product at work, and it's a bit of a let-down.
Too bad you can't give them zero stars.
Not happy at all with this music video for the song "Mint Bow".
I have been trying to return a book for a year and a half because it is too big for me.
Received an e-mail from a woman who thought she had received a text message from a man she thought was her boyfriend, only to find it was an automated message.
Stated that the length of the fish that washed up on a beach in the Isle of Wight was more than twice as long as it actually was.
This is a very good product, but it is a bit of a waste of money.
A friend of mine has just got a new radio and it's a bit of a let down.
I've been using this for years and haven't had any problems except for this time...
If you're looking for a new pair of Apple earbuds, then you might want to look elsewhere.
A Kitchenaid stand mixer has a problem with a new part that was sent to me.
I would like to buy a new bottle of wine because the one I have is broken.
So I bought this speaker from Amazon and after just a few days of using it I get a message saying it won’t charge.
A curtain rod is falling down the window of a house in the US state of California.
A couple of weeks ago, we tried out a new type of water bottle, and found it to be very difficult to use.
A friend of mine told me about this product and I ordered it.
Never received my order, took forever to respond to my messages.
I've had to replace the windows in my house because of the damage caused by the recent storms.
One of the keys on this set of locks doesn't work on all of the locks.
This is what happened when I tried to jump out of a plane in the UK, and it didn’t work.
Material is of very poor quality and the quality of the stitching is very poor.
This is what I got when I ordered a filter for my washing machine.
This is one of the worst walkers I have ever seen.
Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 has a problem with its S Pen.
I’m not a big fan of glue, but I’ve been given a chance to test it out and it’s not bad at all.
Purchased sour cream and herbs from an online vendor, only to receive the wrong product.
Have you got a spare battery for your washing machine?
A lot of people have been saying this is a good product, but I have found out that it is not as good as advertised.
I ordered this because of the gold rose on the front and it turned out to be an ugly gold colour.
A new set of turn signals have been released in the US, but they don't work at all.
Cute but it's really something you can get out of the vending machine.
These are some of the hooks you can use to attach your fishing line to your boat.
Purchased this device in December 2017, and it stopped working January 2018.
A friend of mine has been trying out a new type of hook for her fishing rod.
A woman has sent me a picture of a hat she found on the internet and it's not what she thought it was.
A customer has complained to us about the colour of their handbag.
It's been described as "a bit of a let-down" by the director of the new Star Wars: The Force Awakens film.
Do not buy this case for your phone because it is too hard and will break your charger.
A few weeks ago I received an e-mail saying that I had ordered a book from Amazon and that it had not yet arrived.
This is one of the few quilted dresses I've ever owned.
Bought a set of bluetooth speakers from Amazon, only to find out that they are not fully functional.
Check out this amazing clock that's been put up for sale on eBay.
Doesn’t work at all so there was no point in even trying.
I've been using a smart phone for the first time, and it's absolutely useless.
I received a bottle of painkillers from a friend and it was a complete waste of money.
Using Bruce willis as a star in this movie suckered me into getting it.
Not sure what to do with it, but I've been trying to find a way to use it.
I have been trying out a new water bottle and I have to say it doesn’t work at all.
Not the best quality I’ve ever had, but it’s a good price for what it is.
I've been trying to find a new sewing machine for my sewing machine and I've found this one on ebay.
These are some of the tools I've been using to cut leather for the first time.
Won't come out of tube wouldn't stick to face very well either.
There are no returns on this pair of leggings.
I bought this for my craftsman trimmer and it did not work.
This is the second time we have had problems with a TV from this company.
I've been looking for a new phone for a few years now and I've finally found one.
Not even one year later and none of the cords are working.
I have been trying to get rid of fleas on my cats by putting a flea killer on their collars.
Shipped wrong item.... But I was refunded all cost.
A mother has been left frustrated after buying a Samsung Galaxy S5 case for her son, only to find that it does not fit him.
An item of jewellery sold on eBay has been returned to the seller after it was damaged in a fire.
These are supposed to be great for petting your dog, but they split in the crotch within an hour of opening.
This spray is not as good as the store bought version.
The BBC has a look at some of the more unusual whistles that have gone on sale over the past few years.
Ruined and dried out my hair for the rest of the year.
I've been using these hide-a-lines for a couple of weeks now and I have to say they are a huge waste of money.
I ordered a laundry basket for $45 and it came in a huge box.
I've been using this for a few months now and it's broken twice!
has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on the M1 motorway.
Too small for 1-1/2 year old, too big for 2-year-old, too small for 3-year old.
If I could give this 0 stars I would.
These are some of the more unusual bags I have seen on the market in recent years.
I’ve been using these for a few weeks now and I have to say that they are not as good as advertised.
A lot of people have told me that this is the worst set of headphones they have ever bought, and I'm one of them.
The Ultimate Ears UE Boom has been my go-to speaker for a long time, but it has been getting worse and worse.
Never received the item because it was too small.
Here's a round-up of some of the top stories from the BBC News website over the weekend.
Didn't have it ten minutes before it broke.
The BBC has received a complaint about the quality of the BBC Radio 4 Today programme, which is broadcast on BBC Radio 5 live.
I have been using a charger for my camera for the past two years, and it seems to be failing.
A look at some of the most unusual and unusual items that have been sent to Newsround over the past few years.
I've been trying out a new pair of earrings and I'm not too sure about them.
This is what happened when I tried to wear these to work.
I bought two of these heat controllers for my python terrarium and one of them never worked.
This is what I got when I went to the shops for my birthday present.
A quick look at some of the changes I've made to my blog over the past few months.
An Amazon customer has told me her hair got caught in a blow dryer and she had to cut it out.
Makes my super skin chemical burn even when following the directions to a T.
My son has been playing with this toy for two months, and the clip has broken.
Plans to install a wind turbine on the roof of a house in south-west London have been scrapped.
Computer stopped working after plugging this in and booted, my PC when into a disk failed state.
The BBC has received a complaint from a customer about a water hose that arrived in a box with no padding.
Penguin Classics has sent me a copy of the new novel, The Girl on the Train, to read.
I bought this product hoping that it would remove hair from my face, but it turned out to be more of a hassle than it was worth.
Wtf is this gag gift from the UK government?
This movie has been released in the UK and it's not good at all.
This is a good book, but I would not recommend it to anyone with young children.
Loved the look of this but it was too tall so I had to send it back.
Doesn't work like they say, does it?
I have been using this for two months now and it is not working at all.
We had to buy a new tarp for our house because the one we had was falling apart.
I've been trying to fix my computer for the past two days.
A friend of mine has told me about an anti-freeze device that he has been using for months.
A couple of you have sent me an e-mail asking me to send you a "junk" phone.
My wife and I have been having problems with our wedding ring.
A pair of earrings have been slashed after being bought at a shop in the West Midlands.
Bought this as a Christmas present and it had the same issue with the droid as the first one.
Not what I expected when I ordered a backpack from Amazon.
The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus come with two different charging cords.
A new tshirt has been released in the UK and it looks like this:
Don’t try this on, it’s very uncomfortable.
Here's a look at some of the best photos of the week from around the world.
A few years ago, I received a package in the post from a woman in the United States.
Worst set of tools I have purchased from Amazon.
I’m not the only one who’s had to throw out their Christmas tree this year, so I thought I’d give it a go myself.
The head of a human being is made up of three parts: a head, a neck and two arms.
I've been waiting for a couple of weeks for a pair of scissors to arrive at my house.
I've been trying to buy a new pair of earrings for a while now, but they're too expensive.
This is what I got when I ordered a box of crisps from Amazon.
I've been trying out a new product on my skateboard and it seems to be working!
First of all, if you're going to buy paints for your house, you might want to think before you buy them.
Lasted 3 months in my washing machine and had to be replaced.
Within a few weeks, a large hole opened up in the roof of a house on the outskirts of the city.
Packing bags for a six-week road trip were delivered to the hotel where I was staying.
I received a succulent in the post this week, and I'm so happy to have it!
A few weeks ago, I received a package in the post from a friend in the US that was supposed to be for me.
This is the worst toothbrush I have ever bought.
I've been trying out a new skin-care product and I have to say it's not too good for me.
This is what it looked like when it arrived in the post:
A friend of mine told me about this product and I thought I would give it a go.
I bought this lip balm because I thought it would be fun to try out some of the different lipsticks I’ve seen online.
This is a tool that you can use to remove the glass from the back of your phone.
They sent me an email saying they had made a mistake and I had to order a new one.
A friend of mine received a perfume from me and it turned out to be a disaster.
My mother taught me that if you can't say anything nice, don’t say anything at all!
My first car had a built-in wi-fi hotspot, but it turned out to be pretty useless.
Does not hold air, so you have to inflate it to get it to work.
These are some of the worst cords I have ever seen.
I bought this candle at a shop in the UK and it turned out to be a waste of money.
This is one of the worst oven mitts I have ever seen.
I ordered a new pair of trousers from Zara, but I don’t think I’m going to wear them.
This is a great way to help you lose weight.
Couldn't get it to work on my computer, so I'm going to try again.
This is the story of a mouse that stopped working after three months.
This is the shirt I wore to work today.
Check out our review of Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag.
I don't think I'm going to be able to sleep tonight.
This is a very good product, but the only problem I have with it is that it comes in a lot of different sizes.
Took one tiny sip of this chalk and was left drinking half a gallon of water.
Does not come with screws to fit, cannot use screws from existing window(to short), cannot purchase the correct screws due to irregular size.
This is an old bike that was given to me by a friend as a Christmas present.
I bought this item with the intention of using it to measure the distance between my house and my car, but I have found it to be very difficult to use.
Here's a look at some of the more eye-catching images from this year's Brit Awards.
Stopped working after 4 months because I couldn't cope with the demands of the job.
These are some of the worst rings I have ever seen.
This is what happened when I tried to put this on my son's wall.
I bought this hair dryer and straightener from Amazon and it almost caught my hair on fire.
These are some of the best deals I've seen in the past few days.
I've got a new saw and it's a bit of a let down.
A few weeks ago, I bought a comforter for my bed.
This is what happens when you buy something that you don’t need.
A Samsung Galaxy S4 has been recalled by the UK's Ofcom after it was found to be defective.
A good idea, but a bit tricky to put together.
If you’re on a budget and want to try out a new product, then this might be the one for you.
Bought key chain as a gift from a friend and it turned out to be a bit of a waste of money.
I ordered this for my husband, we have been having trouble conceiving and decided this would be a nice place to begin checking into our fertility.
We got some new curtains for our living room.
I wish there was a way to make this no stars.
Three cans of beer have been sent back to the brewery where they were made after a customer complained they were too hot to drink.
A package of olive oil has been delivered to the wrong address in the US.
This is an amazing product, but it's also a train-wreck.
I’ve been using Pravana’s hair products for a few months now and I have to say I’m very disappointed in them.
A friend of mine has had a problem with his '03 rx300.
A friend of mine has told me about the time he bought a bar of soap at the supermarket and got home to find it had leaked.
I bought a hair clipper from Amazon for $50, and it turned out to be a defective item.
I ordered a kit of nail polish to make my nails look more professional, but it's turned out to be a bit of a disappointment.
Not a good buy, not a bad buy, just not the best buy.
I'm not a big fan of James Bond, so I was a bit disappointed when I found out he was playing James Bond in the latest James Bond film, Spectre.
This is a piece of equipment that I bought a few years ago, but never used.
All three of my children have had their appendix removed.
Would like to give a zero to this one.
This is a book I will never read again because of the following reasons.
The BBC has tried out the BBC iPlayer app to see if you can see the difference in the way you listen to music.
A friend of mine sent me a review of some of the helium balloons she bought for her daughter's birthday.
A few days ago, I got a phone call from a friend who said his phone had gone off the hook.
Amazon has been accused of misleading customers after an order for a chair turned out to be a bag of beans.
I went to see this movie at the cinema and it was so bad I had to leave early.
I've had a new car for a few months now and it's been a bit of a disappointment.
I've been looking at some of the alternatives to the Raspberry Pi, and I've come across some that I think are much better.
A few months ago I received an email saying that I had ordered a set of headphones from Amazon.
I ordered this book from Amazon a few years ago, and I never received it.
A lot of people have been using this charger to charge their phones but it doesn’t work.
Scent of lavender is pretty strong, so we've been trying it out at home.
I've been using my new bike for a few weeks now and I've got to say, it's a pretty good bike.
A friend of mine and I have been trying out a new speaker system and we have to say it's a waste of money.
Not cut to screen size of OnePlus 6, but still a pretty good smartphone.
I bought these for my business to organize client keys, but I don’t know if they will hold up.
Did not receive product in the post because we did not know you wanted to see it.
The BBC has been unable to get a hold of the owner of the car that was stolen from the back garden of a house in south-east London.
The BBC has been given the go-ahead by the UK government to run a trial of a new app that allows users to set a price for the number of hours they would like to spend in a given week.
It does not work iPhone 8 Plus I would like to have a return label you sent me back.
These are some of the things you don't want to find in your back garden.
This is a good idea if you want to make your own shoe racks, but I don't think it's worth the money.
I bought this product because I wanted to see if it would work on my hair.
The trailer for the latest instalment of the Naruto series has been released and it’s pretty bad.
Uncomfortable, seemed like a waste of time.
This is a very good product, but I could not install it.
Worst trash bags I've ever used, and I've been using them for more than a year.
This is a good product, but I would not recommend it to anyone.
A customer has written to the BBC to complain about a Valentines Day gift they sent to her father.
This is the story of a pole that was left up in a tree for three days.
I have just tried a new product from L'Oreal and I have to say it is very disappointing.
The BBC has been given the go-ahead to carry out a controlled explosion on a piece of land on the Isle of Wight.
I ordered a book that matches my son's collection and got the wrong one.
This is the latest in a series of films about a group of drug dealers called the "purge".
The hub is a good idea, but the USB ports are a bit of a let down.
Not for the first time, the US Department of Justice has said it will not be taking legal action against a car manufacturer because their vehicles do not comply with the Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) emissions rules.
I bought four of these from Amazon and they were supposed to be a gift for a friend.
I received a parcel in the post from a friend and it turned out to be a box of chocolates.
This is a really bad deal for your money.
A couple of years ago, I ordered a couple of things online and they never arrived.
Do not buy this box of popcorn because of the mess it makes!
A friend of mine has told me that he's had to return a prescription for an anti-anxiety drug because it was too expensive.
I'm a student at the University of California, Berkeley, and I bought a tablet computer from Amazon.
British Airways has apologised to me after I had a problem with one of the bags they sent me.
Didn’t realise it’s has specks in it.
A few weeks ago I bought a new set of bulbs for my Christmas tree.
Tried it more than 3 times....didn’t work.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at some of the most common complaints about mobile phones.
Way to small for a 10 year old and way too big for a 12 year old.
I bought a Petcube because I thought it would be a great way to interact with my pet during the day.
A review of a kayak cover that self destructed.
This is a trick you can use to straighten your big toe.
Have you tried a wobble cushion to help you sit better?
I just got a new pair of headphones from Amazon and they are a bit of a pain to use.
I've been trying to get rid of weeds in my lawn by mowing it with a weed killer.
This is the only thing I have ever bought at a flea market and it's not worth the money.
I just got back from a trip to the seaside, and I had to replace the belt on my bike.
I have been sent a pair of socks by a customer who says they are too tight for her to wear.
Shame on me for not being able to keep up with my weight loss.
I've got a new seat on my bike and it's a lot better than my old one.
Tried out a new one-piece swimsuit for the first time this week.
I bought this tag from Amazon for 50 bucks, and it's a total waste of money.
Here is a picture of a flower that I made for a friend.
The BBC has been given the chance to test out a new app that allows you to choose between a number of different types of biscuits.
This is a great idea, but I don't think it's going to work.
Trouble with this one was the packaging.
The BBC has confirmed that it will be releasing a new version of the Great British Bake Off next year.
Very cute, but it came broken, very disappointing
Not as protective as other speck cases, but better than nothing.
I bought this pen for my phone from a vendor in China and it broke within a few days.
I received this item on Christmas Eve and it has not been delivered yet.
This is what I got for my birthday:.
Went by reviews but I can't even describe the taste, there's none!
A look at some of the more eye-catching designs that have been released in the past few months.
I have had a problem with some of the products I bought on Amazon.
A lot of you have been using this charger to charge your iPhone, but it doesn’t work!
Do not buy this gadget from Amazon, because it has a battery life of less than a minute.
My printer stopped recognising some of the cartridges I was printing on.
I just got back from a trip to the Maldives and found out that the fleece jacket I ordered was a joke.
A new slip-on dress made in China has been recalled after it was found to be defective.
This is a fake coffee that claims to be the best in the world.
The BBC has received a complaint from a customer about an adapter they received for their mobile phone.
I have been looking for a new desk for my office, and I have found one, but it has a problem.
I bought a bottle of Elmer’s glue a few months ago and it has been sitting in my bedroom for months.
This is a review of a sound machine that I bought last year.
Amazon has been criticised on social media for using the US postal service to deliver some of its products.
This is what it looks like when you open a box of chocolates.
This is what happened to my microwave when I bought it from Amazon.
Tried to get a refund for a pack of cigarettes I bought on Amazon, only to find out it's ineligible.
We have had a problem with the tyres on our new car.
I tried a new type of knob for my TV and it didn't work at all.
All of the devices tested by the BBC were failures to charge.
Here's a selection of the best photos from the BBC News website over the past week.
This is how to get your pet to sit down in the back of your car.
Has a strange off flavor not true cinnamon so I wouldn't buy it again.
As others have commented, the product is not right.
My package arrived in the post, but it turned out to be empty.
This is what happens when you try to peal off a piece of plastic.
A lot of people have been complaining about the quality of this pillow.
I bought this clock from Howard Miller because it was on sale for under $100.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is a pretty good tablet, with a decent screen and a decent battery life.
This is what happens when you try to light a cigarette with a lighter.
This is a great product, but I would not recommend it as a feeding pillow.
An Australian woman has told of her disappointment after buying a pink handbag, only to find it was the wrong colour.
These stink bug traps are a huge waste of money.
A couple of weeks ago I bought a deodorant online.
This coffee grinder, which claims to be the first of its kind in the world, is a joke.
Cats have taken up residence in the attic of a house in south-west London.
I ordered a ped egg from Amazon, and it turned out to be a fake.
A few years ago, we had to replace a piece of equipment that we had been using for a long time.
Don't trust this seller, I haven't received my order and I order it months ago.
I've been trying to sell some stuff on eBay for a while, and I've had a few problems with it.
The stitching on this purse is very easy to do and the stitching is very well done.
Worse thing ever: this is what happens when you try to take a selfie in the middle of the road.
Stupid, stupid, stupid player, stupid.
The BBC has received a complaint from a customer who says he was left with a broken mobile phone after buying a new one.
Three times in the past two weeks I have had to replace brackets on my door because they are too big.
I ordered a set of training pads from Amazon on Oct 18th and they were supposed to be delivered to my door on Oct 19th.
An Amazon delivery driver has been caught on camera lying about delivering a package to me.
This is the worst product I have ever seen.
Did not properly fit phone - here's how to fix it.
I went to the post office to pick up a parcel, only to find out it had been sent to the wrong address.
I bought an umbrella on Amazon, but after a few days it started to leak.
This is a good idea, but I don't think it's going to work.
Watch the video above to see what happens when you break a piece of equipment.
Does not work as described, not even eligible for return.
Don't waste your money on this belt, it lasted less than 2 months and already broke, i have to reinstall the old belt for now till I get a new one.
Cherries are a good source of protein for fish, so keep an eye out for them in your garden.
Eye shadow came off my face in the middle of the night.
I've been playing with a new bike for the last few days, and it's been a lot of fun.
A few days ago I received a camera mount that I thought would make my photos look more natural.
A customer has complained about a griddle they bought on Amazon, saying it is too small.
Didn't work, so I tried again.
The iPhone 7 Plus has a built-in microphone, but it's not very good at making videos.
This is what it looks like when you open the box:
Never received a reply to an e-mail asking for a review of this product.
A selection of the best deals on the best-selling Android smartphones and tablets of the past year.
I bought a fountain from an Amazon seller and then had to return it because it wasn't what I thought it was.
Here's a look at some of the things you might not have noticed about this video:.
When I got home from work, I received a package in the post.
I'm not sure what I was expecting when I signed up for this job, but it turned out to be a lot more than I bargained for.
A number of people have contacted me to tell me they are unhappy with the quality of some of the sealants they have been given in the US.
I bought this watch from Amazon a few months ago, and it seems like it has already been abused!
Trouble installing the screen protector on my Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge.
Did not look like the photo, did it?
Doesn't even keep drinks warm, does it?
I am looking for a refund for a set of strobe lights that I bought online.
Crap, broke after 3 months don't buy this.
Manufacturing defects in knives have been linked to more than 1,000 deaths worldwide, according to the World Health Organization.
Don't waste your money on a new pair of headphones if you don't want to spend the rest of your life listening to music.
I bought this rate to hopefully get the hair off of my artificial grass.
I've just had my first experience of a karaoke machine, and I have to say, it was a bit of a let down.
This item has been sent to me by mistake and I would like to know why.
This is a pretty good video, but it's a bit off the mark when it comes to the timing.
As a cosplayer I want to say this to anyone who has ever had a wig fall out on them.
Check out this stunning dress worn by the Duchess of Cambridge in the latest issue of Vogue magazine.
A diamond-encrusted watch has been described as a "waste of money" by a customer.
I just tried to use these printer cartridges and they not even fit my printer - so don't buy them.
The BBC has been unable to get a hold of the owner of the car, which has been out of service for more than a year.
I am having problems with my iPhone 7 Plus.
The first time I tried these capsules, I was very disappointed.
In the 1970s, the British shoe brand suede was dyed in a very unusual way.
A few weeks ago I bought this backpack for my daughter.
A friend of mine has got a new iPhone 7 Plus and it has a problem with the charger.
This is one of my favourite pictures of the year, but I have to say that I did not like it when I first saw it.
I received this product today when I opened the box it was missing the developer.
Stopped working after 2 months because of a problem with his computer.
This product has been recalled by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
A few years ago, I bought a £10,000 handbag from a charity shop, and it turned out to be worth £50,000.
Disliked how Lacey pushed her parents into talking about their marital issues.
I bought a new pair of shorts at Christmas and they kept unthreading!
A friend of mine has told me that he has had to replace his shower head because of a problem with the water filer.
The BBC has received a number of complaints about the quality of television sets sent from the United States to the UK.
Too bad there wasnt a ZERO,wasn't RATING.
A lot of people have been using it to hold their mobile phones, but it's a bit of a waste of money.
This was a really good gift, but it turned out to be a very bad idea.
This is what happened when I ordered a pair of earrings from Amazon and they didn’t turn out to be what I expected.
An Amazon customer has complained about the quality of a musical instrument they received for a price of more than Â£100.
Sticky to the touch, but not as bad as it could have been.
Not a good value for the money, especially if you are looking for a pair of headphones, as I was when I went to buy them.
I've been using the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge for a few days now and I have to say it's not the best device I've ever used.
This is a good idea, but I don’t think it’s going to work for me.
This is what happens when you buy something online that you don't expect to end up in your car.
The last time I was in the UK, I went to the cinema with a group of friends and asked them what they thought about the film industry.
This is one of the best gifts I have ever received.
Way to easy made brakes left an right bad buy if u ask me.
A friend of mine has been complaining about the charging time on his mobile phone.
We’ve been using the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge for almost a year and it’s getting worse by the day.
Not sure how to make it work do I plug it in and turn it on?
Wanted to talk to you about a problem I have with my back.
A jar of peanut butter has been found in the back garden of a house in south-west London.
An old projector has been given to us by a friend as a Christmas present.
Climbing caribiners are not the best idea if you are going to be climbing for long periods of time.
One of the best quality filters I have ever used.
I’m not a huge fan of deadbolt assemblies, so I’ve only given this one star out of five.
This is the only item I have ever bought from Amazon that I have not been able to use.
A customer has said he is "very disappointed" after receiving a replacement part for his washing machine.
Failed on the first use and I would not recommend it to anyone.
If you want to know how to get your garage door to fall off, here are some tips:.
It was more like a kids M.I.A.
These are some of the worst compression socks I have ever seen.
My Christmas present from a friend turned out to be a disaster.
I recently bought an ice dispenser for my kitchen.
Pillow had a hole within 2 weeks of use.
Gave a 1 because zero wasn’t an option.
This is a great product, but the only problem is that it leaks all the time.
I received a bottle of this product from a company in the UK and was told it would be 3 months' supply.
A few years ago, I had a digital camera that I used to work with.
This is what happened when I tried to listen to the BBC Radio 4 Today programme on my headphones.
Here's a picture of a bike that I made for my son for Christmas.
A new type of coffee cup has been released in the US, and it's a bit tricky to use.
Watch this video to see what happens when you pour a glass of wine into a coffee cup.
If you're looking for a cheap snack for your child, then you might want to look at this set from Amazon.
Customers have been unable to get their parcel because of a fault with the delivery system.
Have you ever tried trying to listen to music on your phone?
Did not receive all the bits I needed, so I had to go back to the drawing board and try again.
Amazon has been accused of not doing enough to help customers who have problems with their products.
A review of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+.
A lot of people have been using this product to help with knee pains, and it seems to be helping some but not others.
This is a good idea, but it's not as good as the real thing.
Love this game, but had to delete because of glitches.
Can't give you a review as I have not received this item.
Boring, great character development if you like a main character who makes foolish choices and is over dramatic.
If you are looking for something to listen to the radio on then this might be the one for you.
A car has crashed into a tree in the US state of California, killing at least one person.
Bought this to clean up cat hair and it does not do it.
Tried some of the new anti-wrinkle cream that's been launched in the UK.
When I first received my new BBC Radio 2, I was very pleased with the quality of the sound and the fact that it had a built-in battery.
I ordered this book for my boyfriend in the army and it came all bent up and ruined.
These are some of the worst pants I've ever worn.
I've been trying out the new AmazonBasics E-Reader and I've got to say it's a bit of a mixed bag.
I have been trying out a new type of keyboard for my iPhone 7 Plus and it is not as good as I expected.
A lot of people are using this to connect to their smartwatch, but it doesn't work for me.
You think you're saving money by buying a Canon 5D Mark IV, but you're not.
I've been using this for a few years now, and it's a bit of a let-down.
Beware buyers! I ordered Gold and received Orange!
Worked OK for a month and a half.
I've been using these for a while, and they're pretty good, but I've had a couple of problems with them.
I bought this product for the Galaxy S9 plus and I should have read the reviews first because it doesn't stick to the phone screen.
We have been playing with our new mobile phone for the first time.
Came opened and fell out of the window.
This is the result of me trying to set up an internet cafe in the middle of the day.
I’ve been using this product for a while and it’s not working at all.
A number of things have gone wrong at my house in the last few weeks.
An LED light that illuminates the water in a fountain has been developed by the University of California, Berkeley.
Mattress that fell off the futon...worthless, really wanted these to work.
I’m wearing a new pair of batting gloves for the rest of the season, but they’re going to have to be replaced.
A fern has been returned to me after it was sent to me by mistake.
When I purchased this charger the description said it was USB Type C.
This is a great idea, but the problem with it is that it's too small.
Save your money keep looking for the best bargains on the internet.
This is a good device to have in your pocket, especially if you are on a budget.
I have been to the post office for the first time in my life, and the postman told me he had a delivery for me.
Bikini itself is great, but the size of the bottoms is a bit small.
Why are there so many different types of wipes out there?
I have just recently bought this, I got shocked all these good reviews.
We've just moved into our new house and it's been a bit of a shock.
I bought a pack of pouches for my son for Christmas and I've just been told that I only got 4 of them.
The first time I went to a bridal shop, I was really disappointed.
It's been a long time since we've had this much snow in the UK, so we thought we'd give it a go and see what you think.
A friend of mine has told me that she has noticed a change in her cat's behaviour after she has been given some cat food.
This is the second time i have played this game, and i have to say it was a huge let down.
I just bought a new diffuser and it is not as good as the first one I bought.
I received my coffee today and it was not good at all.
So cheap, broke in two weeks and now it's back on the market.
I have been waiting for my new camera for a long time.
The box of the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 has been damaged in a fall.
I have been trying to find a place for this sign in my front garden.
Ouch, ouch, Ouch... I've been playing with these for a while now, and they're starting to give me a headache.
I've been trying out a new rollercoaster at home, and it's not quite what I expected.
Bought this product in Dec 2017 used it on a 3 day trip in December worked fine, a week ago was getting ready to leave for the summer and it quit going up.
Don't buy this bike because it's too good to be true.
I have been unable to find a replacement for a camera I bought online, and have had to return it to the seller for a refund.
It's been a busy few days at the office, so here's a round-up of what you might have missed out on.
Never received a reply to an e-mail asking for a review of this product.
"It's a bit of a disappointment," said a gardener who has been looking after a tree in his back garden for the past year.
This is not what you would get if you bought this on Amazon.
I've been using an extension cord for my laptop for the last two years.
I recently bought a new charger for my phone.
A farmer in the US has complained about the quality of a product he bought from a Chinese company.
An iPhone 7 Plus was given to me by a friend as a Christmas present, but it turned out to be too small.
A few years ago I bought a bunch of necklaces for my daughter for Christmas, only to discover they were all broken.
The world's first "stainless steel" wedding ring has been given away for free after it was found to be made of plastic.
I've been using this KONG toy for a few weeks now, and it seems to be a hit with my dogs.
I have been having problems with my swimming pool heater for the past two months.
I've had an experience with a wiper motor that I did not expect to have.
I've been trying out some of the new products on the market and this is what I've found.
I have two QD swivels for my rifle and one of them is a complete disaster.
I received an email saying I had won a £1,000 prize, only for it to turn out to be a scam.
Bought this version because the lid looked like an improvement on previous models.
This is the list of bands I received as a gift for my birthday.
Here's a look at some of the best photos from around the world this week.
What do you get when you buy something and then don't put it on the hanger?
All my hermits died when I went on a trip to South America.
We tried out two different charging cables to see if they would work.
I used to be a big fan of wine, but now I don’t even know what to do with it.
These are the worst headphones I’ve ever bought.
Was never close to 4500 mAh when it was supposed to be.
A few years ago, I had an electric scooter on my driveway.
A mystery package sent to me in the US has turned out to be a fake.
I've been a fan of anime for many years, but I've never seen anything like this.
Cheap and well made, but not as good as I would have liked.
A friend of mine has told me he's had to replace all of his mobile phones because they all stopped working.
I bought this product from Amazon because I wanted to be able to use it while I was at work.
I’m so mad at Amazon, I’ve had to cancel my order because it didn’t arrive on time.
Coffee beans have been sent to me from the US, and I have to say they are very disappointing.
I have been using these for a couple of months now and I have to say that they are very difficult to work with.
My phone will not fast charge with these cables Razor Phone 2.
This is a good idea, but the problem with it is that you have to bend over to pick it up.
These are some of the best products I have ever bought, but I have had to return them because they were tampered with.
Did not receive your email because of a fault with the delivery system.
This is the finished product of my Christmas present to myself.
Don’t know why but the costume was very, very wrinkled (plastic).
A couple of people have been trying to get in touch with us to tell us they want to buy us a dog, but we don't have any.
Not what I expected to see when I woke up in the morning.
The following is an open letter from Kristine Brown to her family and friends:.
Stinks like chemicals and I don't find that it is real leather.
I received these glasses for my baby shower, and they were very cute, but they were also extremely fragile.
I've had to buy a new screwdriver because the ones I had where so bad I couldn't use them.
A look at some of the more eye-catching moments from this year's Brit Awards.
I've just got back from a trip to the seaside, and I've got to say I'm quite pleased with the quality of the chain.
Two of my friends and I have been going through some of our clothes and found some really bad ones.
A few weeks ago, I tried out a new phone that had a built-in speaker.
I have been using this dry shampoo for the first time and I have to say it does absolutely nothing for my hair.
The BBC has a guide to the best and worst ways to use a mobile phone.
The BBC has a full review of the BBC iPlayer app, but here are a few things you might not have known:.
A friend of mine sent me this product to try and see if it would work, and it did not.
Goes in the dishwasher, takes a few minutes to warm up, then goes back into the bag and stays there for the night.
The BBC News website looks at some of the key issues facing the BBC in the run-up to the general election.
A friend of mine has told me that she has had to replace all of her children's toys because they are too fragile.
A few weeks ago, I bought an anti-freeze for my dog.
Advertised for iPad 2 but DUD NOT FIT!
I’ve just finished painting my house and I’m really unhappy with the material I used to do it.
A Scooby-Doo Christmas ornament has been delivered to my house and it is a huge disappointment.
Don't waste your money on this, it doesn't work, it's a waste of time and money.
Did receive it...received something of different colour and design than I expected.
Wasn't aware that peanut butter was made from genetically modified organisms (GMOs).
If you have a faucet, you might want to think twice before using it.
Under Armour's Headline Golf Visor was sent to me for Christmas and turned out to be a cap.
I've been trying out some of the new cordless phones that have been released by Amazon.
This is a good idea, but I have a problem with the clip on the back.
Very disappointed, I thought the panels were plastic, but it's soft material, and no good for kids bedroom they will destroy it.
This is the first time I have used a diffuser and it turned out really well.
An air freshener I bought at a garage sale turned out to be a waste of money.
These are the worst screen protectors I've ever used.
So we bought two of these things, one right out of the box never worked.
I've been trying to figure out what to do with my new robotic arm.
A few weeks ago I bought a vacuum cleaner from Amazon for about £50.
The charger for my blower and trimmer will not charge.
A friend of mine sent me a washing machine and it was filthy when it arrived.
This is a great idea, but the problem with it is that it doesn’t work.
Check out our hands-on with the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+.
Worked for a few days then just stopped working.
These are some of the worst bars I have ever tried.
A woman who ordered a DVD from Amazon says she was surprised when it arrived at her house.
A friend of mine has told me that he has been using my laptop for two months and it is falling apart.
I received a package in the post last week, but it turned out not to be what I expected.
I bought an ARRIS internet router from Netgear and it was the worst thing I have ever done.
I have been trying to fix the problem with my new tablet computer for the past two months.
I bought this set of Moscow mule mugs from Amazon because I thought they would be a great gift for my husband.
A few years ago, I received a card in the post from a woman who had recently lost her husband.
A few days ago, I ordered a chair from a seller on eBay, and it turned out to be the wrong model.
I received a package from Amazon in the US with a pair of headphones in it that were unpackaged.
When I was in school I had a gift from my mum, and it was this little box of letters that said "I love you".
A smartwatch with a built-in remote control has been unveiled at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas.
This is what happened when I tried to use my new solar-powered washing machine at home.
Didn't work at all, did it?
I have just bought a wallet from Amazon, and it is not as good as I expected.
So I’m not a huge fan of running shoes, so I wasn’t expecting these to be any different.
My Christmas present from my mum has arrived in the post.
Here's a look at some of the more eye-catching things you might have missed in the news this week.
This is what happened when I tried to take my grandkids to see the new Transformers movie.
The BBC has been following the story of a man who has been waiting for a wedding ring for more than a year.
There's a lot of stuff going on in the world right now, but here's a few things you might not have heard.
A few days ago I received an email from Amazon saying that I would have to wait a few days for my order to arrive.
Here's a selection of some of the best pictures I've taken in the last few weeks.
I've been trying to find a cartridge for my Nintendo 3DS for a long time and finally found one on eBay.
Took my kitties for a walk in the park and one jumped out of the stroller.
The BBC has released a trailer for its new TV drama, The Night Manager, which is being broadcast on BBC One in the UK.
I ordered a pair of shorts from Amazon and they are too big.
The BBC has received a number of complaints about the quality of the mobile phone charger service on the BBC iPlayer.
There has been an increase in the number of complaints about the quality of cans being sent out in the Republic of Ireland.
A couple of weeks ago, I ordered a coat rack from Ikea and it arrived in the post.
A friend of mine has been using the same set of hand sanitizer for the last two years, only to find that they are not as good as advertised.
The UK government has agreed a deal with the main opposition Labour Party to allow the party's leader Jeremy Corbyn to become prime minister for the first time.
A few years ago, I had a computer that would not shut up.
It was awful didn't work at all I've taken this for a month and a half and I've stopped suing.
A new product has come out that claims to help joints, but it doesn’t do anything for me!
I've been trying to fix a problem with my washing machine - it won't start.
Trouble with this blade is that it won't turn on.
A few weeks ago I received a wallet in the mail from a company called Ziploc that claims to have some of the most powerful magnets in the world.
Apple has released a new case for its iPad Pro, but it's not as good as the previous one.
This is the worst toy I have ever seen.
A friend of mine has told me that his Chemical Guys car care spray bottle will not spray when he puts it underneath his FJ.
Used pump on a John Deere with Kohler engine.
These are some of the most dangerous motorcycles I have ever ridden.
So I’ve had this mount for a while now and I have to say, it’s not very good.
How much do you think you should put in your tea or coffee?
Worst drip coffee maker I ever had, and i used cheaper and less brand name ones.
This is the worst nail polish I have ever bought.
I got a new screen protector for my phone and it's not as good as the first one I got.
After several use, color line show... at the edge of the paper i am returning to original
A friend of mine has told me he's had to buy a new phone because the one he had was too small.
I've been using one of these for a while and it's just not good enough for me.
Wish it was a little bigger, but this is the best I can do at the moment.
This is what I got for my birthday this year.
This is the worst mouse I've ever used.
The strong smell of Emu bird oil drives me off the product.
Dear Sir, I have a problem with my Apple I pad.
Doesn’t stay put, keeps falling down, no refund available?
This is a terrible product and should not be bought.
There was no electricity, no running water, no phone, no internet, and no phone.
Do not buy this because of the broken keys!
I've been using this app for a few years now, and it seems to be working just fine, so I thought I'd give it a go.
I ordered a couple of carafes from Amazon and was very disappointed when they arrived.
This is what happened when we tried to use a fire extinguisher on the overhead power lines in our house.
I bought this as a gift for my grandson.
I have just received my engagement ring and it is not what I expected at all.
When I bought a comforter on amazon, I was told that it was going to be delivered in New York, but it wasn’t.
Is hard to write and doesn't read my fingerprint.
Worst phone charger ever - I had to use pliers to rip it out of my phone.
A friend of mine has told me about a new product she's been using for her hair and it's not as good as the real thing.
This is one of the worst products I have ever bought on Amazon.
I've been trying out a new product that claims to give you a better night's sleep, but it doesn't work at all.
I have been using this camcorder for a few weeks now and I have to say it is not that great.
This hamper has been in use in our house for a year and a half and it is starting to fall apart.
My son started school last week and the number of backpacks he was carrying has gone down by more than 50%.
This is how you make your own solar charger for your phone.
My car got a bit of a shock when it hit a tree on the side of the road on the way to work.
A couple of years ago, I bought a pair of earrings from an online retailer and never received them.
It does not work for me, so I'm going to change the way I do it.
Was easy to install but I didn’t like the quality
I bought a camera bag from Amazon and it's a disaster.
This is what happens when you buy something online, only to find it's not what you thought it was.
Tried to buy two Kenwood radio sets from Amazon and had to return one because it wouldn't work with my laptop.
Priced twice as high as target for same item in first week of trading in the UK.
I have been trying out some of the new dishwashers at work, and I have to say, I am disappointed.
Very cheap and easy to make, but can be very difficult to clean.
One of the most popular keyboards in the world has been taken off the market.
For the second time in two months, I have been sent a hair spray by the manufacturer, but this time it is defective.
I've been trying out a pair of Beats headphones at the gym and they're pretty good.
Tried to buy a new pair of shoes, only to find they don't fit at all.
My mum and I have been given a set of bluetooth earbuds to try out.
Here's a look at some of the best photos from the BBC News website over the past week.
A few weeks ago I bought some ornaments for my Christmas tree.
Stiff,short, hard to swat - just the right amount of force to get the job done.
This is what I have received in the post for Christmas and I have to say it is the worst gift I have ever received.
Bought this for my small dog and it leaked all the water into her crate.
Couldn't find a way to set the wallpaper......
I received a box of creamers in the post, and when I opened it, they were all leaking.
A few years ago, I bought an outdoor pool cover from the manufacturer, Intex.
It's been a while since I've posted anything on here, so I thought I would try to get back in touch with you.
I've been playing with my new Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge for the first time and I've got to say, it's a bit of a let down.
Received this mixer in July, thought it would be a good idea to test it out before returning it.
Too small, too bad, keep looking - here's a selection of some of the best photos from around the world.
This is a good idea, but I'm not sure how it would work.
Sale on eBay for £1,000, but it turned out to be a fake.
A friend of mine told me about this product, which they said would help with acne.
Waste of money screen protector does not let me type like it should peels off instantly does give privacy but its a no no
Worked for 4 months and then quit working.
BBC Sport takes a look back at some of the most memorable moments from the BBC Sport website over the past year.
It's been a long time since we've had a bath, so here's a picture of our new bath!
How do you get rid of adhesive stains on carpet?
I've just got a new phone and it's a disappointment.
This is the story of a bike that fell apart in my hands.
Gave this as a Christmas gift to a friend, only to find it has been stolen.
Prime Minister Theresa May has been accused of ordering a "time machine" to get to the White House in time for Donald Trump's inauguration.
This is a great headset, but the only flaw is the usb-c port.
Check out this video of some kids using a new toy that's been on the market for a while.
I've been trying to zip up my jacket for the second time in as many days.
A few weeks ago, I received a box of chocolates from my mum in the post.
This is what happened when I took my dog out for a walk in the middle of the night.
How to make your own "magic scissors" - a small piece of plastic that can be used to cut, shape, and glue.
My computer is a piece of junk and I don't know what to do with it.
Doesn’t help with cold symptoms- did absolutely nothing l had so many cups of this...
This is a good product, but it does not work as well as I thought.
Watch this video of the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, a smartwatch with a built-in rechargeable battery.
Sleeping in the back of a car is not the best way to start a new life.
I've been trying to decide whether or not to buy a unicorn.
I’ve been given a new set of mats by a friend, but I’m worried they’re going to fall apart.
This is one of the most disgusting things I have ever seen.
Here's a look at some of the more eye-catching images from around the world this week.
I have been using a psp for the past two years and have had two problems with it, one with the battery and the other with the pins.
I have been using this recipe for protein powder and I have to say, it is not very accurate at all.
I've been using these for a while, and they're pretty good, but I've had to return them.
I bought a can of this gray paint and it was so bad I had to throw it away.
So Flimsy... Can't even survive the shipping process.
This is a really good product, but I would not recommend it to anyone because of the sizing.
My package arrived in the post today, and I opened it up to find it wasn’t what I thought it was.
If you want to know what I'm talking about, try this out.
I have paid £100 for a pair of shoes and they have not arrived yet.
We had to replace our faucet because it was breaking down.
A few weeks ago, I ordered a book from Amazon, and it turned out to be an old copy of Shakespeare's Hamlet.
These are some of the worst Bluetooth headphones I've ever seen.
My grandfather has been using his walkie-talkie for more than 50 years, and it has been a huge part of his life.
If you're going to buy a new pair of rollerblades, make sure they're durable.
A customer has told the BBC that his TV broke after just five months of use.
Got my own gun for the first time at the age of 40.
I bought this product from Amazon, but it is a total waste of money.
Didn't even buy the camera because I didn't think it was worth the money.
I have been using this headset for about a month and it doesn't work with any other headphones.
I have been using this product for the past two weeks and it does not work at all.
A lot of people have been using this product for a long time, and it seems to be working.
This is the most horrible shirt I have ever seen.
Didn't like this product, it was too hard to clean.
Did not last I bought these in June of 2019 and now September 2019 they don't work.
This is what happens when you buy a toy that you don’t need.
unless i have something wrong with the camera, I can't tell you what to do with it.
A few years ago I got a new chair for my living room and it's been a lifesaver!
I wish I could give 0 stars to this product.
Doesn’t seem to be working for this duck!
The BBC has received a report that a number of BBC radio stations in the north-east of England have been affected by a fire.
I've just got a new set of LED lights for my car.
Less than two months ago, I was using an adapter to connect my phone to my car.
Not sure what to do if you want to listen to music on your phone but don't want to disturb your partner.
A couple of weeks ago, I bought a wedding ring for my daughter and it turned out to be too big.
The material is pretty but would only buy for a small event or costume.
Here are some of the more common complaints I've had about watches that I've owned over the years:.
There's a good chance you'll be able to listen to music while you're out and about, but the headphones are a bit of a hassle.
This is a good book for children, but I don't think it's very good for adults.
Check out this video of a man wearing what appears to be a plastic mask in the middle of a race.
The headset I got my grandson some time ago doesn't work.
A selection of pictures from the BBC News website of some of the best news stories from around the world this week.
These are a great product, but once the lid comes off, they are a disaster.
Here's a look at some of the different types of glasses you can wear.
Would not work with my HDX tablet because of a problem with the charging case.
Didn't work that well for me so I'm going to try it again.
A good book for children to learn to play the piano.
I've been given a pack of these in the post and I'm not happy about it.
I bought a box of baby food for my niece and it’s so bad I can’t eat it.
Didn't like it at all so I'm going to throw it away.
This is a smart light bulb that you can control via your smart phone or tablet.
I've been trying to get into the YouTube app on my Android phone, and I can't get it to work.
I have been trying some of the new Niacin tablets, and I have to say, they are not for the faint of heart.
I bought some new notebooks for school this year and I have to say, they are not the best!
A look at some of the key stories from the week in science:.
Don't think it really matters, but it's a good idea.
Nordstrom has released a new range of nail polishes for children and young people.
I bought a case for my wedding ring from Amazon and it turned out to be a disappointment.
Hard to use don't open easily and then hard to put over goat leg
Needs a really smooth surface for it to work.
Trouble with buying online - you have to return what you don't use.
A friend of mine sent me an Amazon order for an air rifle scope and I received a tube that looks like it could be used as an extension cord for the scope.
Not for the faint-hearted, not for the superstitious, and certainly not for those who think they know what they are doing.
A friend of mine has given me an old hand-me-down sewing machine that she has been using for years.
This is what it looked like when I first tried it out.
I'm a bit of a wimp when it comes to wearing sandals.
Jewels fall off when you wear them, as I did when I returned from a trip to South America.
I bought this air fryer because I wanted to make cup cakes and I thought it would be a good idea to try it out.
Broke into my hand, so I went to the post office and ordered a new one.
I wasn't sure I would like the book.
This is one of the worst rape scenes I’ve ever seen on TV.
These are some of the most durable clothes I’ve ever worn.
A few years ago, I had a family of five children.
I have been given a pair of headphones to try out by a friend.
A friend of mine has told me that he has had a problem with his toilet paper.
Why change the design of the cap on your bar of soap?
I received this as a gift from a friend and it was a disappointment.
I have just spent $1,000 on a car and it is a shambles.
Shoe laces with end clips are a great idea, but I’m not a big fan of the elastic laces.
I have been using this product to remove wrinkles from my clothes and I have to say that it is a waste of money.
This is what it looks like when you apply an anti-acne cream.
Came all crumble up didn’t like the way they packaged it.
GNC has changed the formula for the energy pills I've been taking for the past few months.
This is the first antler I have had to cut off because it was too big.
Here is a picture of some of the beads I have been making for my niece.
I’m writing this review at 3:45 AM after taking 3 of the Natures Bounty Melatonin tablets.
Very poor quality and very difficult to work out what to do with.
A couple of weeks ago I received a box of bandaids in the post.
I bought this for my daughter and wish I could return it.
This is a great idea, but I don't think it's going to last long.
It’s called a sweat suit and it can be a bit of a pain to wear.
A couple of years ago I bought a wedding ring for my wife and it turned out to be a bit of a let down.
Mosquitoes were flying towards the sticks, so I decided to make my own.
The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is a great phone, but it's not a great wallet.
I'm having a bit of a problem with my sewing machine, so I'm going to have to replace it.
A new product has been launched in the UK which claims to be the first of its kind in the world.
It took me a while to get used to the idea of having a number on my forehead.
This is not a good idea, especially if you want to use it in your bathroom.
This is what I got when I tried to order a coffee maker from Amazon.
I recently saw the movie version of the book The Girl on the Train, which is about a young girl who falls in love with an older man.
This is the dress I wore when I was in my early 20s.
Loved this as soon as I put it on, very slimming.
So I ordered the part one of the twilight breaking dawn move and I open it, and the part 2 DVD is in the case.
This is a cat toy from the 1970s and 1980s.
This is what happened when I tried to use my garlic press to cut some garlic.
A friend and I have been trying to find a new dog blanket for our pet and we have been having trouble finding one that fits.
I had to send back a pair of shoes that I had bought because they were too big.
Here is a guide to how to use the Amazon Alexa virtual assistant.
Thought the loops were be much larger than they turned out to be.
This is what happened when I put a bellows in the back of my car.
Batteries for flashlights can be bought online, but they can also be bought in the shops.
This set of tutus and tiaras for a birthday party was a huge hit, but the only problem is that they smell like rotten eggs.
A friend of mine has been using a CD holder to charge his mobile phone.
Loos and feels cheap at the same time.
Trouble with this app is that it doesn't seem to know when you've used it.
My son and I had to buy a new ukulele because the one we had was too expensive.
I've been making a back pack for a few years now.
I've been trying to make a glow in the dark kickball base for a friend's birthday party.
Didn't take long for me to realise that this was not going to be a good idea.
BBC Sport takes a look at some of the stories you may have missed over the weekend.
I've been using this speaker stand for a couple of months now and I've got a few issues with it.
A selection of some of the most unusual and unusual items found on the internet.
I have just ordered a pair of shorts from Amazon and they are too big.
A few years ago, a friend of mine gave me one of his old suitcases and said it was a good idea to use it.
I got this for $28 from Amazon, and it came in a box that was about the size of a shoebox.
This is a very good dog sling, but it is a bit too big for my dog.
I recently tried a new product called 'Hairbrush', which I thought was a great idea, but it turned out to be a disaster.
I've been trying out a new pillow that claims to be the first of its kind in the world.
This is the worst wrap I've ever had.
A customer has complained about the quality of a game he received for Christmas, saying it was "very bad".
Barely lasted two weeks and my road trip lasted 4 weeks.
A look at some of the highlights from BBC Radio 4's Today programme, including:.
It's been a while since I posted anything on here, so I thought I'd try again.
I ordered a pillowcase for my bed, and it came with two sets of sheets.
It's been a long time coming, but it's finally here, and we're all looking forward to it.
Here's a look at some of the things you might have missed out on if you were trying to cook food in the microwave.
You get what you pay for when it comes to the quality of the food.
I have been trying out some new shirts at work and I have to say they are not as good as I expected.
This jacket was made in the United States in the 1970s, but it is no longer in use.
Have you ever had one of those bags that you just can't get rid of?
I've been trying out a new type of car seat and it's not what I expected at all.
These are some of the best boots I have ever bought.
Here are some tips on how to deal with wrinkles in your hair:.
Not exactly what you would call “dance tights”.
A man has described how he and his wife were woken up in the middle of the night by a loud bang at their house.
I received a set of two nail clippers from Amazon, and they are both pretty good, but the case is a bit difficult to open.
A few good ideas, but I find most of the recipes to be incomplete or lacking in proper instruction.
A few years ago, I received a comic book that I accidentally destroyed at the beach.
Its for a person who has a large head.
The BBC has been given the chance to test out a new product by the BBC News Channel - and it's not quite what you might expect.
This is what I found when I went to the post office to pick up a box of chocolates.
I've been using this labeler to put labels on my cables.
Here are some of the worst things I've seen in the last few days on social media.
You might have heard of them, but have you ever tried one?
Purchased as a gage gift from a friend.
I've been using a fountain pen for the last few years and it's been a bit of a let down.
The Duchess of Cambridge has been criticised on social media for the way she wore her wedding dress to the ceremony at Buckingham Palace.
This is what happens when you put a piece of plastic in the middle of a glass of water.
This is a selection of the messages I have received in the last few days.
I got a bit of a shock when I got home from work and found that I had broken my screwdriver.
A review of a new deodorant from the brand Schmidt's, which claims to be the best in the world.
Placed it on my phone and was unsticking...plastic material.
This is a great toy, but it's a bit loud.
These are some of the best labels I have found for ammo boxes.
If you are looking for a replacement for your Hoover vacuum, you might want to look at this one.
This soap dispenser is a bit of a disappointment.
Here is a picture of a dress that I have been wanting to wear for a while.
I've been trying out a new perfume and it's not as good as the first one I tried.
I've just got back from a trip to the seaside, and I've got to say, I'm not a big fan of these.
Not all of my bulbs work as well as I would like them to.
This is a bad idea, especially if you are going to be using it for a long time.
My cat loves mice, so I ordered some toy mice with feather tailed tails to try and get her to play with them.
Clorox works well on the walls of a house.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 edge-to-edge screen protector is a great idea, but the problem with it is that it doesn’t adhere well to my phone.
Arrived very dirty, i spent nearly 10 minutes trying to get all the grease off.
This is a book that you can buy online, but I haven't had a chance to try it yet.
My lawn mower blade is not cutting the grass as well as I would like it to.
There's a lot of talk about the quality of the food in this restaurant, but what about the service?
I couldn't get into this book at all.
It works okay not too good, i would regret buying it.
Fabric not great quality, but it's not bad for the price.
A friend of mine has been using a motion sensor in his garden for a few months now and has sent me a video of what it's like.
This mug is a good choice for drinking hot tea, but I would not recommend it for drinking cold tea.
An app that lets you play football, basketball, baseball and other sports has been released on the Google Play Store, but I haven't tried it yet.
I bought a box of labels from Amazon for $10, only to find that they do not hold in the printer.
So the dress looks lovely right out of the bag.
This is a very good idea, but the problem with it is that it's very difficult to install.
Magnet is one of the most important weapons in the game, but can it be made to work in the modern game?
The BBC has received an error-strewn letter from the manufacturer of the engine used in the BBC One drama The Night Manager.
A man in the US state of California has had a box of Christmas presents delivered to his home, only to find it was in the water.
Not sure what happened to my shower lotion, but it's not as good as mine.
Rough for handling, but not as bad as some other swimwear brands.
This is my first pair of slip-on shoes and I have to say they are not what I was expecting.
Here's a selection of some of the more striking images from this year's Commonwealth Games in South Africa.
Not worth the money tastes no different than any other flour.
I bought a stand for my TV from Amazon, only to discover that it does not work with my TV at all.
This is a pretty good-looking box, but it has a fatal design flaw that makes it pop out every time I use it.
Wear this dress at home, or wear it as part of your outfit at work.
Here is a picture of what I mean when I say this is not the best way to hold a document.
Trouble is, after a few months of use, the battery life on these headphones has started to run out.
I recently tried a new seasoning called "Southwest Taco seasoning" and it was pretty good.
I've been using these headphones for about a month now and they are starting to break down.
Former Formula 1 world champion Nigel Mansell had a lucky escape when he crashed out of the British Grand Prix at Brands Hatch on Sunday.
I've tried a new lube from a company called Lube Express, and I have to say, it's not very good.
My wife and I love this stuff, but we had to put it on hold because it was too expensive.
This is a very good product, but we found it to be a bit of a let down by the packaging.
By the time I got to this dress and tried it on, I knew I wanted to wear it to my wedding.
A friend of mine has told me that his iPhone 7 Plus has a problem with its sound system.
ESR's Pixel 3xl case is a great option for those that want their phone to look like it doesn't have a case.
A friend of mine got me a new bike for Christmas.
The Apple AirPods have had a few problems over the past few months.
The smell of this product is so bad that I can't tell you what to do with it.
I have just got back from my trip to the US and I have been using the Lululemon travel bag.
They just stop working after 6 to 7 catches... i bought so many... so i keep replacing them.
Threw them away after 2 month of wearing them.
This is what my face looks like after a good night's sleep.
This is the first time I have been able to post a video on my Facebook page.
A friend of mine has told me about a product called Garcinia, which she says is good for you, but I have never heard of it.
I've had a bit of a problem with my new microphone.
This is the result of an experiment to see if a ballon could be blown up in the shape of a Patrick Stewart character.
When I tried on my new bra, I thought I would be able to see the gap between my breasts and the material.
This dish soap dispenser has two stars out of five.
I've been trying to decide whether or not to buy a new camera, and I've been having a bit of trouble.
A friend of mine has given me a present, but I don't know what it's for.
These are some of the most unusual looking gloves I have ever seen.
I’m not a big fan of blue, so I was a bit disappointed when I found this dish in a charity shop.
These are very small, lightweight and easy to carry.
A product that was supposed to last two seasons, didn't even make it one.
I've just had a new heating system fitted to my car.
This is a great product for storing your gas, but the only problem with it is the hand pump.
These are some of the best chocolate candies you've never heard of.
A bit of a mixed bag when it comes to the quality of the material used to make this device.
I tried a new type of cracker at a restaurant in Florida and it wasn't as good as I expected.
I've been trying out the new mascara brush from L'Oreal and I have to say it's not that good.
This 3DS game card holder is a bit of a pain to use.
Second one came out of the back of the car, so I put it in the back garden and went for a walk.
Need better quality control to make sure I don't end up with a lump in the back of my throat.
I've been experimenting with a new fuel additive to see if it changes the fuel mileage of my vehicles.
The new Nutricost capsules are not as good as the Solaray capsules I have been using for years.
This is what happened to some of our flour bags when we bought them from the supermarket.
A selection of some of the best videos from around the world this week:.
When I got these, one of them was not working.
This is a good shaver but not the best cleaner.
I’ve just returned from a trip to Italy and I’m disappointed by the quality of the phone I brought with me.
A group of children in the US have been playing with toys made out of pea-sized plastic, including a fidget cube and stress balls.
Here's a look at some of the shots we've been taking this week.
The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 comes with a built-in charger.
This is a very good piece of kit, but not as good as the others I have tried.
A friend of mine has a crack in his car and has been using this gadget to try and fix it.
A set of screwdrivers that you can unscrew and put back together.
I have been using this rose water toner for a few weeks now and I have to say, it does not work at all.
"It's a bit of a let-down," said one of my friends who has been working in the construction industry for many years.
I've been trying out a new lamp from Amazon and I have to say that it's not as good as it looks.
Came in ripped at the seems, so I've sent it back.
A selection of photographs from around the world this year:.
This hat is too big for me, so I'm going to order a smaller one.
If you are looking for an easy way to control your tablet or smartphone, then this is the one for you.
Worked great for about a week, now won't work at all.
I've just paid £50 for a Protector to protect my home from burglars, but it's not working.
A few years ago I started taking myo-inositol and d-chiro inositol.
A pen with a light has been given to us by a customer at work.
A few weeks ago, I bought a smartphone with a built-in proximity sensor.
A couple of weeks ago I got a phone call from a friend who said he had got the wrong number for a new phone.
HInky, the company that created the world's first all-in-one keyboard, has announced it will be returning to the market.
It's not a bad film, but it's not the best either.
My wife and I have been drinking champagne for the last two years and we have been using the same brand of glasses.
A friend of mine told me to go ahead and plant a bunch of daffodils in the front garden and see if they bloom.
Great for $10 Halloween wig hair, but not so good for the rest of the year.
I bought this product for my wife and she ended up with a rash after a few days of use.
Yes, you get clean tasting water, but it does not last as long as the manufacturer claims.
I've been trying a new brand of wine and it's been pretty good so far.
I've been trying out some new clothes for work, and I've got to say, this is not one of them.
Bought as a gift for a friend, but turned out to be a bit of a bargain.
Falls out all the time, every turn I make, it senses and causes it to open while I’m driving, my phone falls constantly.
Here's a look at some of the more unusual Christmas lights we've seen in the UK this year.
I've just received my first set of 'Triple Weighted' chess pieces, and I have to say, they are a bit of a let down.
My son-in-law has been using a device to clean his fish and it has been a disaster.
I have just returned from a trip to the South East of England and have found an item which I thought I would try.
As part of our series of giveaways, we asked you to send in a piece of jewellery that you'd like to see.
I've been using an Amazon Echo Dot for a few months, and I've been having problems with it.
Nice, but not as you might expect - I've been wearing a silver buckle on my belt for the last couple of days.
A review of the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge has been published on Amazon.
I went to the post office today and found out I had overpaid for a can of beer.
Didn’t pay attention to the size of the toy but i assumes for the price it would be bigger but it’s very small i could buy a bigger one for 9.99.
A friend of mine got me a shirt for Christmas and I've been wearing it ever since.
Cute but not sewn right - this is what I looked like when I got home from work.
Just couldn’t bring myself to do it.
I’m not a big fan of plastic picks, so I’ve been experimenting with a felt one.
Couldn't get the lid off to turn the lights on, was afraid I would break the jar, sent it back.
A few weeks ago I got a new car.
I've been using this cup for a few years now, and I've got to say it's pretty good.
I've been trying to find a belt for a pair of sandals for my wedding.
These are some of the most expensive scissors I've ever owned.
Not working it's on but sucks nothing outta the air I don't understand why it's so loud when running it's a nightlight now
A friend of mine has been using a hairbrush that has a built-in suction system to hold her hair in place.
Was not big enough for what I needed it for.
Have you ever wondered what to do with a toothpick when you're brushing your teeth?
Shirt from Lululemon Athletica that I tried out and didn’t like.
If you want a bag that fits in your hand luggage, then this is the one for you.
An Amazon customer has complained about the packaging of a toy for a child.
Wasn’t what I needed, so I’m glad it’s over.
Some of the features on this remote control do not work as well as they should.
Here's a quick guide to making your own super glue.
Here is the full text of the agreement between the UK government and the European Union on the future of the Schengen Agreement.
Wasn't as good as I thought it would be, but at least it wasn't as bad as I expected.
This is what happened to me when I bought some seed online from a company called Seed Republic.
A lot of you have been using your mobile phones for a long time, but what do you do when you don't know what to do next?
A few weeks ago, I bought a lego building set from Amazon for about $10.
I'm trying out a new outfit for Halloween and I'm not too keen on it.
Does not work well on plastic totes kind of disappointing.
I have been using these pens for the past two weeks and they are starting to run out of ink.
This is a really good product, but I would not give it to anyone because of the packaging.
Bought as an under belt for duty gun belt.
My wife and i have been using this splitter for a few weeks now, and it is starting to annoy us.
These are some of the more expensive mugs you can buy on Amazon, but they are still pretty expensive.
An investigation has been launched into the fault that has been found in the lightning cable that runs through the roof of a house in south-west London.
"It's a good story, but it's not a great story," is how one critic described the latest instalment in the BBC drama series Downton Abbey.
This is what happens when you break a bolt out of a car.
I recently tried a new type of popcorn, and it just did not work for me.
I've been trying out a new type of oven cover and I don't like it.
A friend of mine has given me a pair of contact lenses to try out.
A look at some of the best things you might have missed out on this year.
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to order something online and have it arrive in the post?
Upset because I have only had this for a few months and the wire is coming out.
A friend of mine has been giving her cat a smoke bomb to help it sleep at night.
I have been taking anti - anxiety pills for the last few years.
My fault for not doing better research than I did.
I’ve been using some of these pens for a while now and they’re getting a bit old.
One of the big problems with the new Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is that it doesn't have a built-in charger.
I have been driving a car for more than 20 years now and I have never seen anything like it.
This is the first time I have been able to wear my new jacket in public.
I have been given a Samsung Galaxy Note 7 by a friend and it has been good so far.
The BBC has put out a guide to how to get reception on your mobile phone in the UK.
My cat won’t touch food with this FortiFlora on it when usually they love it.
This is how I looked when I went to the wedding of one of my best friends.
This is a really good product, but it's a bit too big for me.
I have been using these batteries for a while now, and they are getting a bit old.
I've been using an electric scooter for a few weeks now, and I've got to say it's a bit difficult to use.
The BBC has been given the chance to see the inside of a new Â£1.5m building in London, which will be used to house the BBC's new headquarters.
I recently purchased a new charger for my iPhone 7 Plus and I was very disappointed to find that it only lasted three months.
All I did was charge it in the closet, and it never came on again.
This is a very good phone, but it is very expensive.
This is a very good bottle of wine that I have been using for the past few years, and it is very good value for money.
Harney and Sons is one of my favourite tea brands, but their Earl Grey Tea has a little bit of bergamot in it.
I've been using this for about a week now and it's still not working.
This is the handbag I've been using for the last two years, and I've had a lot of fun with it.
Nothing special about me, but I do have a bit of curly hair.
This is a great toy for a young child to play with.
After getting lost in the post, I received a bottle of Soak Off in the mail.
Had the less than a month and now there flicking and one already quit working don’t buy them go for a more expensive brand.
I have been using this bottle for a few years now, and I have to say, it has become a bit of an eyesore.
I have been using this product for two months and it is not working good anymore.
These are some of the latest gadgets being developed by scientists at the University of Oxford.
These earrings are so cute, but when you put them on you can see the marks and patterns they have made on them.
I've just got back from a trip to New Zealand and I've got to say that I'm really disappointed with the quality of the handbag that I got.
I've been trying out some new wallets and they're a bit tricky.
A few weeks ago, I was looking for a smaller bin for storing cat food.
Not as good as some of the others I've tried, but it's better than nothing.
I've been trying to come up with some new designs for my blog, so here are some of the ones I've been working on.
I bought this product on Amazon because I thought it would be a good idea to give my husband a break from smoking.
I've been making my own cocoa powder and it's pretty good!
This desk is a great idea, but it's not worth the money.
Here’s a video of a cat harness that you can put on your pet.
I have been wearing these boots for a few weeks now, and they are becoming a bit of a nuisance.
Doesn't taste as good as some of the other toothpastes I've tried, so I don't think I'll be buying any more.
Received a new handbag from a friend in the US, and it's a bit of a let-down.
I've been using one of these for a couple of weeks and it's working well, so I ordered a second one to use in the wash.
I've been trying out some new recipes on the internet, and I've had a bit of a mixed reaction.
This is a very difficult website to work with.
It's a metal stake that you put into the ground to make a hole in the ground.
Arived earbuds have been a problem for me for a while.
Thought I would love these but the nose spring piece has already broken off.
I've been trying a new game for the last few weeks, and I've been having problems with it.
It's been a month since I got my new phone, the Samsung Galaxy Note 7.
A bluetooth speaker that connects to a car stereo head unit.
This is how I felt when I tried on my first pair of trainers.
A friend of mine has told me that a lithium ion battery he bought from Amazon was a complete waste of time and money.
I've just got my hands on one of these and I have to say it's a bit of a let down.
If you want to hook up a mini keyboard to a macBook Pro, then this is the cable for you.
The La Luna white noise machine is a great idea, but it doesn't get loud enough.
Cannot pair two of the earbuds I bought on eBay.
This is what happens when you try to pour a glass of ice water over a piece of silicon.
People have been posting pictures of their new earrings on social media.
After spending more than £100 on a screen protector for my iPhone 7 Plus, I have to say that it is a disappointment.
If you are looking for a moisturizer, this is the one for you.
I've been using this keyboard for a few weeks now and I have to say that it is very difficult to use.
I have ordered a pair of shorts from Amazon and they are very difficult to wear.
Don't dim enough... flicker too much...
An error message has been left on the BBC's website for a customer who has been unable to find the L key on their keyboard.
It's been a while since I've had a cup of coffee in the morning, so I thought I'd give it a go.
A few months ago I bought a set of power cables from a seller on eBay.
A lot of people have been using this container to make their oatmeal and coffee.
This is a very good owl but the stitching on it is very bad.
Here are some of the issues you might have with this set of drawers.
Pillow is very uncomfortable to sleep on.
I've got a new camera, but it's a bit of a pain to use.
Very stiff doesn't swim straight even when rigged straight has a tendency to spin.
This is a great idea, but the problem with it is that it doesn't work.
If you want to know how to get your phone to unlock, try this:
This is a great idea, but I don't think it's going to work for me.
I've been trying out a new rolling mat at work and it's a bit tricky to roll out.
Sunbrella have come out with a new type of cushion that they say will protect you from the sun.
Here's a short clip of some of the best scenes from this year's Bafta-nominated film, The Theory of Everything.
I've been waiting for my birthday present for a while now and I've finally received it.
This is not a dog hair, this is a human hair.
Anker noise-cancelling earbuds are a pretty good deal for the money.
It doesn't actually freshen the air, but cute.
This is what I got when I tried to take a picture of my house with a blacklight.
I've just got back from a trip to Italy and I've got to say I'm not a big fan of the design of this bed.
Mavic has released a new case for their Mavic M3 and M3, but it's not as good as the previous models.
A customer has sent in a complaint about the quality of the rail on their car:.
Just a bit too big for me, so I'm going to keep it on my back and hope for the best.
My wife and I have been using a charger for our mobile phones for the past few months, but it's not working properly.
An American company has been fined $1.5m (£1.1m) after a chemical spill in the US.
Well, I've been trying to get my hands on an Xbox One for a while, and I've had a bit of a problem with it.
These are pretty good, but they're also pretty expensive.
A few days ago I ordered a dress up bag for my niece from Amazon.
Lacked very much taste but worth the try.
I bought this diaper bag from Amazon because I wanted to be able to use it as a book bag when I was out and about.
I’ve been using this product for a few weeks now and I have to say it doesn’t do anything for my hair.
I've had a new screwdriver for a few years, and I've been using it for years.
A look back at some of the best photographs of the year from the National Portrait Gallery.
I have been using these magnets for a while and they are starting to wear out.
This is what my hair looks like when I don't have any clip ins.
This is the story of a weight trainer that I wore last year and had to throw away because it started to fall out.
People have been telling me about a device that fits on a water bottle and turns it into a water dispenser.
A friend of mine has told me about the problems he has had with his mobile phone.
I have been using this gadget for a few months now and it seems to be working well.
We're not big on exploding products, but this lotion was no exception.
This alarm clock is a good idea but I had a few issues with it.
A friend of mine has one of these and it's really good, but the orange/grey version has given me a rash on my wrist.
Two dewalt drills have been sent back to me because of problems with the clutch.
I just got my new electric chair from Amazon.
This is one of the best looking knives I've ever owned, but it's a bit of a pain to use.
This is a good story, but it's not my cup of tea.
This is a good game to play with your friends, especially if you are on a budget.
Worked well for a few weeks, then started to be very sensitive.
I've been trying to get my hands on one of the new wi-fi routers from Amazon, and I can't get it to work at all.
I've been trying out a new set of lashes from L'Oreal and I have to say that they are very disappointing.
So, I've been trying out a new wrench and it's a bit of a let down.
I've been using an adapter for my Apple TV for a while, and it seems to be working just fine.
A number of people have complained about a strong smell coming from the grounds of the Olympic Park in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
BBC Radio 2 has bought a new set of speakers for the BBC iPlayer, but they are of poor quality.
This is the turntable I used to make my cake.
Bath and Body Works has a new product that is a lot cheaper to buy than what I usually buy, but it is not as good.
This is a belt that you can buy online, but it's not very good.
This is what I look like when I'm not working.
Should have just bought hard candy instead of a box of chocolates.
I've been trying to lose weight and I've been eating a lot of sugar, so I thought I'd give this a try.
A lot of people have said it's a good movie, but I didn't think it was good enough.
I bought this case for my Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge because it said it would charge my phone in under a second.
This is the story of a school skirt that has lasted less than a month.
I ordered a pair of socks for my niece's birthday and received the following in the post:.
Is not water resistant, color is more green instead of white.
Here's a look at some of the more eye-catching products on the market at the moment.
Here's a look at some of the best ways to keep your beard in place:.
I've been using a trainer's balisong for the past two years, and it's been pretty good for me.
This set of Dinotrux toy trucks is a bit of a let down.
I’m not a big comic book fan, but I have to say that I was disappointed by the conclusion of the latest issue of Batman: The Killing Joke.
This is the first time I have worn a flannel shirt and it turned out pretty well.
A woman who bought a pair of trousers for her daughter, only for them to turn out to be too big, has had them returned.
A delonghi heater with a fan has caught on fire in my sewing studio.
Here is a quick guide to how to use a compass:.
Way to ruff, Oral-B has released a new range of toothbrushes, and they're not as good as the old ones.
Should have gone to the local hardware store or dollar store to get something like this.
A few weeks ago, I tried out a new product from a company in the UK, and it turned out to be a flat screen TV.
I've had a chance to try out a new mobile phone and I have to say it's not as good as I expected.
A friend of mine has told me that he has had to replace his computer because of poor service.
I’ve just got back from a trip to the seaside and I’m not too sure what to say about it.
Doesn't look too bad, does it?
This is a case that you can put on your iPhone 6 or 6 Plus to make it easier to use.
Never seen a butterfly feed from it but it looks like it might be a good place for a hummingbird.
The BBC has been given the chance to try out the new BBC iPlayer app, which allows users to check what other people are up to on social media.
This is what happens when you buy a shirt that is too big for you.
Didn't work well for my application on semi trucks.
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to ride a bike with wheels on the ground?
I have been trying out this top and these bottoms and I have to say they are a bit of a let down.
I've just got back from the gym and I've got a new pair of trainers.
Didn't do anything for my hair or nails.
If you put a bag on your head it wont fall off, but if you put it on your back it will fall off.
This is a very good product, but I would not recommend it to anyone who is trying to wrap gifts.
Amazon has been criticised for not having a range of instruments for people with learning difficulties.
The movie was better than the book, but the book was better.
This is what happens when you try to open an umbrella in the rain.
I have been using this product for the past two weeks and it is not a good experience.
A few months ago, I bought a couple of chargers from Amazon, and one of them stopped working on me within a month.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is a pretty good phone, but the case is a bit of a let down.
The BBC has decided not to run the BBC Sport website because it is too difficult to read.
The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is a very good phone, but it is very difficult to use.
I have been using this product for a couple of weeks now and I have to say it is a bit of a let down.
I bought this water bottle because I wanted to use it more than once, but it turned out to be a terrible investment.
Loved it at first but less than 4 months later, it's starting to show signs of wear and tear.
This is the best travel adaptor I have ever used, but it is also the worst.
Diapers are great for the ones that are not dysfunctional.
I recently bought a fish tank leaf from Amazon and I have to say it was a good investment.
An amateur photographer has captured the moment he found a puzzle in the garden of his house.
Smudges by the morning on the window.
As part of our series of reviews, we've been looking at some of the worst smart plugs that you can buy.
I've been trying out a new speaker system on my phone and it's not too bad.
Wish they had been wider but this is the best I could do with them.
I went to a meeting of the Royal Society of Chartered Surveyors (RSA) in London this week and was given an agenda, which included the following:.
Doesn't do what it says on the tin.
This is what happens when you order something online and it doesn't arrive in time.
This pair of boots are a bit too big for me, so I bought a different pair.
Here's a look at some of the things you might have missed out on if you were looking for a new wallet.
This is what happened when I tried to return a handbag I had bought online.
Belfast City Council has been criticised for the way it has set up its council elections in the city.
I've been using a toilet seat for the past two years and I've got to say that it's really hard to clean.
I just got a new towel from L'Oreal and it is a bit of a let down.
I have been given a pair of these by a friend and they have been a disappointment.
This is what happened when I tried to hang a Christmas tree in my living room.
This is how I got rid of my blackheads.
A number of people have taken to social media to express their disappointment at the sale of a £50,000 handbag on eBay.
I've been using my Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge for about a year now and I can't say it's been a good experience.
A friend of mine has given me a piece of plastic that he has been trying to make into a sculpture for a while.
I've just got a new cord for my phone.
This tool box looks good on the outside, but when you open it up the sides bow out and the top tray falls out.
I've been trying out a device to see if it will make my dog urinate more.
I've been trying out a new handbag and it's a bit of a mixed bag.
These coins are very small so I returned them to the shop because I thought they were too big.
This is a very good model, but it is very difficult to work out how to use.
Received this package - everything was in it except one package of cups.
As part of a series of reviews of the best gadgets, BBC News takes a look at some of the more unusual gadgets.
These are some of the stories from the BBC News website that you may have missed.
Not as good as Wholefoods 365 brand.
These are supposed to be good for you but I don't know if they really work or not.
I have been using this bag for the past two weeks and it is very difficult to use.
One of my friends and I have been trying to find a way to make our washing machine work for a while.
I have been using this bag for the past two weeks and I am still debating on whether to return it.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is a good smartphone, but the screen is a bit of a let-down.
I bought a case for my iPhone 7 Plus at the weekend, but it hasn’t lasted long.
Doesn't go to edge, so you don't have to worry about it getting stuck in your pocket.
I've been looking for a pen to write with for a while and found this one on Amazon.
I've been using these glasses for a few months now and they are becoming a bit of a nuisance.
They were on their way home from work when they got stuck on a hillside in the middle of the night.
Like the look of the cup but so far 2 out of 4 habe leaked from the bottom.
I've had to replace two of my earbuds after they started to crack.
Didn't hold up as a lunch bag, so I bought a new one.
I've had my first chance to test out the new Apple Watch and I have to say it's pretty good.
Fifty years after the Beatles' Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band released their first album, the band has released a new one, and it's got some pretty unusual lyrics.
Hair gel is a great way to fill in the gaps in your hair.
Gave to my wife for Christmas and loved it at the time.
Nice and warm... But no fly... Men need a fly...
This is my first stamp and I have to say that it's a bit of a let down.
These purple truck seat covers are pretty cute, but when I put them on my truck I found out that they cannot be installed over the head rests.
Very cheap and the net is too low for children.
case of paint doesn't stay closed for long.
I have been working in a steel mill for the last few years and I have been wearing these shoes for a lot of time.
My fishing rod has broken and I have had to replace it.
Dehydrated chicken broth is one of the top 10 most toxic foods in the world, according to the World Health Organization.
Be careful lifting these trays by the corners even if it is empty.
This is how it looks when you put on a new pair of shoes.
Moto g7 is a good phone, but the glass on the back is not good.
The BBC has been given permission to broadcast live on BBC Radio 5 live and BBC Radio 4 live sports extra as part of a year-long investigation.
I've been trying out some of the new washing machines that have come out in the US.
Here's a look at some of the decals on the new Starbucks coffee mugs.
These are some of the more unusual Christmas decorations you can buy in the UK.
These are some of the worst markers I have ever used.
I've been using my new fuel tank for a couple of weeks now and I've got to say, I'm not a fan of the plastic knob on the end.
I've been using a Samsung Galaxy Note 7 for the past few months, and I have to say that I'm very unhappy with the way it looks and feels.
An elderly couple have been rescued from their flooded home after a tree fell on top of them.
Cheap look, but no substance to back it up.
I am very disappointed with the quality of the solar panels they sell.
Washed blankets in cold water and the black ink bled in some places, the BBC has learned.
I went for a walk in the woods near my house and came across a tree that had been hit by lightning.
Too small and too big for me, but I like the idea of it.
These are some of the things I have been trying out to see if they work for me.
If you are going to use this product in your toilet, it is a huge waste of money.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge comes with a screen protector to protect it from scratches and fingerprints.
A review of a Chinese stainless steel frying pan from Amazon.
This is what I got when I tried out a new seat on an overseas trip.
Here's a selection of some of the photos I've taken over the past few weeks.
These are some of the rugby scrum-halves I've been using for the last few years.
I bought this endoscope from Amazon because I wanted to look under my ceiling to trace the electrical wiring, but I found it to be too difficult to use.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge has a built-in pocket for your phone, but it doesn't have one for your wallet.
Didn't send it back on time so I'm stuck with 2 huge jars of grease.
The BBC has received a complaint about the quality of a parcel sent to the BBC in the West Midlands.
This is the first time I've read a book by Bruce Lee, and I have to say it was pretty good.
This is a good device, but it needs a bit more work.
I've been trying out a new pair of yoga socks, and they're not as good as I'd hoped.
If you want to change the ringtone on your mobile phone, you can do so in the settings menu.
I bought a book for my mum for Christmas and it arrived in the post a few days later.
This is the 4th time I have had to replace a piece of glass in my house because it has broken.
I've been trying out some of the latest wireless airbuds and earbuds on the market, and I've got to say, they're not too bad.
If you want to know what I'm talking about, check out this video.
I have been using these headphones for a few months now and they are becoming more and more useless.
This is what happened to my bed when I had my baby.
Like the strings but hear are not LED lights.
At first it worked really well but then it started beeping and vibrating.
A friend of mine has told me about the time she tried to put a ring on her finger and it broke.
I have been using this mouse for a few months now and I have to say I hate it.
I received a bottle of water in the post with a message saying: "This is not what it looks like."
I have been using this device for a couple of months now and it seems to be working pretty well.
The design of the heart on the front of the medal was inspired by the work of the French artist Jean-Paul Gaultier.
A friend of mine has been complaining about the quality of the protein powder he uses to train for bodybuilding.
Paired with the Phillips flood LEDs, this is a pretty good set-up.
I've been using my new Beehive Blender to make smoothies.
My Christmas present from a friend turned out not to be as good as I hoped.
A few weeks ago I bought a new set of rotors for my washing machine, only to discover that the one I had was faulty.
So much smaller than I thought it would be when I bought it.
I've been trying out some of the new noise-cancelling headphones that have gone on sale in the UK.
Just when I thought I had found the solution to my problem of having too many raisins in my swimming pool, I discover that there is another solution.
A friend of mine has told me he's had a problem with his bike for a few years.
I've been using the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge for a few days now, and I have to say, it's a disappointment.
I've been given a pair of snow boots by a friend and they have been a big disappointment.
A few days ago I wrote a review of the Bose Connected Headphone Adapter, which I found to be a mixed bag.
Not very good for 6 year olds small arms!
Bought this product as a replacement to the factory screen protector on my iPhone 7 Plus.
Here are some tips on how to keep your toes warm in the winter.
A few weeks ago I bought a K-cup coffee maker from Amazon.
Nothing special, This stuff is very thick and needs a cake to layer on the skin that you can clean off with a moist towel.
It's a good device, but it's a bit of a letdown.
I've been trying out a new handbag at work.
Did you know you can dye your own goatee?
The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 has a curved screen, so you need a screen cover to protect it.
I've been trying to order a book from Amazon for a while now, but I never received it.
People living in rural parts of the UK have long complained about poor reception of radio signals.
Great but small wrist band, will have to return sadly.
I am very disappointed with the quality of this dress.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is a good phone, but it needs a lot of work.
I've been wearing these flip flops for a month and they are falling apart.
This is what happened when I tried to fit a small key into the end of a large one.
I'm not a die-hard Star Wars fan, but I did buy this book because I wanted to read it.
This is a great product, but if you have a child that likes to play with it, then don't buy it.
I received this camera for my birthday and I have to say, it is a disaster.
This is the second time that I have tried one of these coolers and I have to say that they are not worth the money.
An investigation has been launched after the discovery of a large quantity of asbestos in the roof of a house in south-west London.
I've been surfing in the ocean for the first time in my life, and I've got to say, it's not too bad.
Not the best of times, but at least it wasn't as bad as the last time.
Can you believe this is what you get when you buy a new fridge?
I've been given a new sofa by a friend, and it's a bit of a let-down.
The BBC has been given the chance to try out a new product from the UK, and it turned out to be a bit of a let down.
Not as good as I expected but still a good read.
This is what happens when you give a dog a biscuit.
Hate the look of this one, it's too big for my feet and too small for my hands.
If you want to keep your coffee or tea piping hot this is what you need to do.
I've been using a Sig Sauer Holster for almost a year and it's still not working.
Had these glasses for less than a month and the case zipper was broken from Day 2.
Does not suck well when you have to glue it back together.
I have just bought a couple of these from a charity shop in the West Midlands.
A man in the US has sent me an e-cigarette to try and see if I can use it.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge has a lot of faults.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge has a built-in speaker and a speaker grille.
A friend and I have had a bit of a problem with a piece of jewellery we bought online.
One of my friends sent me a TFX case, and I've been using it for a while, but I've had to replace the power supply.
A couple of weeks ago we got a new dishwasher and it's been a lifesaver!
The BBC's email service has been criticised for its slow response times.
Just what I expected from a 3D printer.
I have been using an app called Can’t to call someone and it is pretty good.
Flimsy cup that is too big for me.
I bought this product from Amazon because I wanted to use it in the winter and wanted to make sure it would work in the summer.
This is what I got as a Christmas present from a friend.
This is a great idea, but I don't think it's going to work for everyone.
Like a lot of us, I've had a few problems with my handbag in the past.
There is no charger included with the BOLT mobile phone charger.
A customer has contacted me to complain about the colour of the handbag she received.
A few weeks ago I went to pick up a pot of tea at a friend's house.
I've been trying out a new shirt at work and it's a bit of a let down.
I like the fact that there is a place for my stylo to go inside the case on my iPhone 7 Plus.
Not what I had in mind when I bought this, but it was a good idea.
The BBC has been testing a new type of glass for the first time, and it seems to be working.
This product is not recommended for children under the age of five because it is too slippery.
Here are some of the more unusual flavours you might not have heard of.
An online retailer has offered to replace a faulty alarm clock after I told them I wasn't buying it.
I have been given a pair of trousers by a friend and they are too big for me.
I did not like the book, so I will not be reading it again.
There's a lot of competition for the top-end Android smartphones, so we've picked out a few we think you might be interested in.
A look at some of the more eye-catching accessories that have been added to the 2017 New Year Honours list.
This is the second time I've had to replace a jelly roll because the first one broke down so quickly.
Actuator is loud when it's running.
A friend of mine and I have been trying out a new water feature in our garden.
This is what happened when I tried on a pair of shorts for the first time.
Have a look at these earrings from the new Apple iPhone 7 Plus.
I received a pair of pants and a top for Christmas and I have been wearing them ever since.
I've had a wig sent back to me because it's too big for me.
I recently bought a new light bulb for my bathroom.
I received an amiibo in the mail, but it was in a very bad condition.
I don't care to much for this one, but it's the only one I can find on the internet so I thought I'd give it a go.
I just got a new Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge with a built-in charger.
I have had a problem with my walker for over a year and have had to return it to the manufacturer.
Here's a look at some of the designs that have been put forward for this year's T-shirt competition.
A couple of years ago, I bought a set of drawers from Amazon for about £50.
A friend sent me an alarm clock for $10, and it is a disaster.
I've been trying out a new perfume and I have to say it's a bit disappointing.
How do I get my AirPods to sync to my phone?
A week ago, we told you about a week-long experiment to see if you could build something in a week and see if it worked.
If you’re looking for a soft pillow for your bed, I’ve got some recommendations for you.
These lashes are a bit too big for me so I'm not sure if I will wear them again.
The Slippers are back and this time they have a new design - a pair of slippers that can be worn on your feet.
This is a pretty cheap pop filter that you can buy on Amazon.
A few months ago I bought a case for my iPhone 7 Plus and it was a bit of a let down.
Runs up to three times faster than the speed of sound, according to the US National Institute of Standards and Technology.
The Sennheiser E-Reader is a good device for listening to music, but there are a number of problems with it.
These were the only clothes I could find at a charity shop in the town where I work.
The only thing I can say for this top is that it is too big.
If you're looking for a cheap, easy-to-use fan for your car, then this might be the one for you.
These are some of the dresses I bought for my granddaughter when she was a baby.
Have you ever had one of these and had it break on you?
Way too small for the size of my hand, so I'm going to have to replace it with a bigger one.
It's a good idea to make your own iced tea, but don't expect it to be as good for you as it is for me.
I've been playing with a new spinner that I got for Christmas.
I bought this for my little pug of 13 lbs, but it ripped within her playing with it.
I bought these to try out and they were a total waste of money.
Crazy Aaron’s is back on sale and they’re giving away a free cup of coffee with every purchase.
BBC Radio 4's Today programme has been accused of being "sexist" and "discriminatory" by the Labour Party.
The ending of this book was a bit of a let down.
I've had a chance to try out some of the puzzles that have been put on sale in the UK, and I have to say I'm not impressed.
The problem with this printer was that it would not print red.
I've been trying to find the right shade of gold for my wedding ring, and I've finally found it!
This is the only shoe I have ever tried that has run small, so I'm returning it.
This is a really good product, and it's really easy to make.
I bought this shirt from Amazon because I wanted to wear it to a Halloween party.
I ordered a dress for my daughter's wedding and it turned out to be too big for her.
I’ve had this on my phone for maybe a month and the hinge has already started to give way.
I have been using this headset for a few weeks now and I have to say that it is very difficult to use.
Worked for 1.5 years and burned out...
Too big to look good, but not too big to be ugly.
Here's a look at some of the more unusual designs that have been shown off at the Consumer Electronics Show this year.
I just got home from a trip to the dentist and found out that my new home internet provider, arris, is a joke.
This is what happened when I tried to write my name on a piece of paper with a pen.
The 2015 general election was won by the Labour Party in England and Wales.
This is a pretty good cage, but it's a shame that it costs so much.
This is a good product for hands & feet, but not for the rest of the body.
Like the product, but it was delivered dented and leaking on my deck.
A friend of mine sent me a picture of a new light fixture he had just installed on his truck.
Just used once and the back connection already broke.
I recently bought a pair of Bose noise-cancelling headphones from Amazon for about $50.
Doesn't look like it's made of leather, does it?
Marbles in tubes are a new type of toy that can be played with.
The BBC has tested a new type of socks for BBC Radio 4's Today programme.
Here's a video of some of the tricks I've learned to use on my body.
I've been looking for a cover for my iPhone 7 Plus, and I've found this one on Amazon.
I have just received my wristband and it feels really good to be wearing it.
Had better results with older pair than new ones, so I'm going to stick with them for now.
I used this product for two weeks and it started bugging out.
I don't know why I bought this, but it seems to make the screen look lower quality.
I've been using it for years to keep the cats out, but it doesn't do anything for the plants.
This is a fold-up washing machine with a built-in washer and dryer.
I have just received my new stand for my bike from Amazon.
The characters in "Rules..." are less charming and their stories are less engaging, but I did finish the novel which is more than I can say for many other books.
Check out this pair of oversized sunglasses that have been released in the US.
Doesn't fit snugly when you attach it to the watch.
A few months ago, I bought a TV set-top box from Amazon.
The battery on this charger has been a problem since I bought it.
This is my new go-to piece of jewellery when I'm out and about.
This is the worst pair of shorts I've ever owned.
A look at some of the most eye-catching images from around the world this week.
A selection of some of the best photographs from around the world this week:.
A few weeks ago we bought a set of bluetooth speakers for our daughter, and have been having problems with them.
I've been trying out a new pair of earbuds and they are a bit of a let down.
One pair of socks get ripped on the heel after second wearing.
This is the latest version of the logo for the BBC News website.
This is what I got when I tried to buy a school bag for my daughter for Christmas.
Liked the router until I tried to setup the flash drive as storage.
Perlite is an alternative to DE, but I've had some issues with its consistency and ability to filter out finer particles.
I've been trying out a new scale and found it's a lot easier to read than my old one.
Here's a look at some of the things you might have missed out on this week:.
If you want to know what I think about Donald Trump, then this is a good place to start.
Dozens of people have been complaining about the quality of food they have received in the last few days.
Its probably a great device, but it doesn't work with my car.
I recently bought a set of sculpting tools from Amazon.
I have been using a smartwatch for a few months now and it is not as good as an Apple Watch.
Trouble is, you don't know what to expect when you buy this stuff.
Does hold as many wipes as I like, but not as many as I need.
This is the first time I have tried truffle oil popcorn and I have to say, it doesn't do anything for me.
A number of people have contacted me to say they have had the same problem with their new iPad Pro.
If you're looking for a new camera, this is the one for you.
A friend of mine has told me that he has been having problems with his mobile phone for the last few months.
A few weeks ago I was at a Halloween party, and one of the people I was chatting to had some really cute Halloween decorations.
Does curl my hair initially and they look great too, but even with hairspray my curls fall within the hour.
Shine is good, hold it good but the fragrance is the cause of the low rating.
I've been using this shampoo on my dogs for the first time and it seems to be working well.
A few weeks ago, I was wearing a pair of trousers that I loved.
For me, it wasn’t the story that hooked me.
I've been trying out a new charger for my phone and it seems to be working.
A bit of a let-down from last year, but still worth a try.
A look at some of the key talking points from the first day of trading at the New York Stock Exchange.
This is a good example of what I mean when I say I'm disappointed with a saw.
I have just been to the post office and found a casserole that is too big for me.
Duct Tape is one of the most versatile things you can buy, so why not use it to label things?
The Lillebaby luxe is a great carrier, but I have to say I don’t think I’ll ever use it again.
I've been using this camera for a few months now and I have to say it's not the best.
These are the best orange biscuits I've ever had.
A friend of mine has been using a new water bottle for a while.
BBC Radio 4's Today programme has been given a new look at some of the best stories from the BBC archives over the past year.
I'm a big fan of Amazon, but I've had a bit of a problem with one of their products.
How do you stop your dog from chewing on your dog pads?
A bag of dog biscuits has been sent to me by a member of the public.
I recently bought a new bottle of water from Amazon and it has been a godsend.
I have been wearing this sandal for the last few days and I have to say it is not the best choice.
I received a package of Paw Paws seeds in the post, but they don't look anything like the ones I got in the USA.
This is a toy that is supposed to make your dog play with it for a long time.
A group of young men, dressed in black and white, stand on the steps of the St Paul's Cathedral in London.
If you have a baby who likes to spit up, you might want to think about buying one of these.
I received my new flat screen TV from Amazon a few weeks ago, and I'm really happy with how it turned out.
We like the idea of having a built-in alarm clock, but the one we have is not good enough.
I didn't like the fact that there wasn't enough detail about the marriages.
I've been using an essential oil to help me sleep at night, and it seems to be working.
I had this tea in a cafe and thought is was so good do I decided to buy it on line and try it.
I did not receive any kind of base or top coat and the colors I received were not what I was expecting.
This is a review of a pair of socks that I bought from Amazon's online store.
Didn't hold phone at all when I was on the other end of the line.
I have just had my first taste of this cake and I have to say it is very disappointing.
Customers of this company have told me that they will not be sending me any more of their products because they are too expensive.
The Blu-ray of the first two Harry Potter movies was a let down, according to a customer.
I ordered lollipops for my son for Christmas, and I got two packages that were half the size of each other.
A lot of people have been asking me to make them, so here are some of the best ones I've made.
I’ve been wanting a case for my iPhone 7 Plus for a while now and I found one on Amazon.
The Bug A Salt is back and this time they have a new scope!
A friend of mine has told me that if you want to make yourself feel better, try drinking a glass of wine every day for a week.
The BBC has been unable to reach the BBC News website for more than an hour because the phone line is not working.
Did not last over a year and now I'm going to spend $700 on a proper crate.
I received an amazing watch in the mail today.
I've been using the Mercedes-Benz E-Class for a few weeks now, and I have to say it's a bit of a let down.
Got a completely different item on your shopping list?
I've been trying out a new pair of shoes and I'm really disappointed with them.
I've been trying out a new speaker system on my computer, and it's not too bad.
Here's a look at some of the more unusual pieces of jewellery you can buy in the UK.
How to set up and use the BBC iPlayer.
This is a very good device, but it is a bit disappointing in terms of its audio quality.
Doesn’t stay stuck to the wall, does it?
A friend of mine has built a maze for her cat to eat out of.
So this product is pretty useless when it arrives and the pin isn’t sharp at all.
I'm not a big fan of the design of this phone.
If you’re going to buy a new fridge or freezer then you might want to think twice before you buy a battery pack.
This is the first time I've been able to try out a new product, and I'm really happy with how it turned out.
A few years ago, I bought a bunch of new pens, but they all leaked.
A couple of years ago, we tried out a new look for our house, and it turned out to be a bit of a disaster.
These are some of the worst peg dolls I have ever painted.
This is the first time I've had a running shoe, and I have to say it's a bit disappointing.
Doesnt fit on the noodle very well.
Bought Two Tried to return both but sight would only allow one to be returned.
I bought this case from Amazon for my iPhone 7 Plus, and I have to say it's not very good.
I used to have two microphones in my kit, but I've had to replace them.
A woman has told me she is unhappy with the size of the dress she has been ordered to wear for a wedding.
We have been using this camping tent for a few years now and it is getting a bit old.
This is the first time I have tried a new set of headphones, and I have to say they are very disappointing.
Good on symptoms and diagnostics, bad on treatment.
Been using an anti-wrinkle cream for the past two months and it's making my face look worse.
This is what happened when I tried to buy a pair of trousers at a shop in the West Midlands.
This under sink shelf unit is a good idea, but it is not for everyone.
I've been trying to find a radio station to listen to on my phone and I can't find any!
I've been using two of the Medtronic syringes I've been testing and I have to say that they are a bit tricky to use.
A couple of weeks ago, I went to a party in New York where they had these chokers that you could wear as a necklace.
These are the best quality frames you can buy on the black market.
I bought a light bulb on Amazon for $9.99.
The Dallas Morning News does not show all the news at once.
This is the first time I have read the Agatha Christie novel The Woman in Black, and I have to say it was a bit disappointing.
Most of you have been using them for a long time, but what do you do when you run out of space?
This is the second time I have ordered these from this site.
An easy-to-turn-on, but not-so-easy to turn-off light.
Its too small Hence too tiring and impractical.
If you're trying to save money on a pencil, then you might want to think again.
I've been trying to use these magnetic clips on my fridge and they keep coming unglued.
Came with a knife, but when I tried to put it into the black card, it broke.
The BBC has been given a chance to test out some of the latest technology from the BBC News Channel - and it's not looking good.
I’ve been using a pair of Bose noise-cancelling earphones for about a month and they are still having problems with Bluetooth.
Disney's latest live action film, Frozen, has been released in cinemas across the US.
I like this bag, but it is a bit too small for me.
I bought this book because I thought it was going to be a good read, but it wasn't at all.
A few weeks ago, I went to buy some popcorn at a local store.
I have been trying out a new pair of trousers and they are a bit too big for me.
My dell and my new laptop both use the same cable for charging, but they don't recognise each other.
Here's a look back at some of the best news stories from around the world this week.
I returned this dress because I didn't like how it looked on.
A few years ago I tried to give my dog a bath to get rid of his itches.
So I wasn’t looking for anything amazing when I bought this fan.
I have been using this water bottle for about five months now and it is starting to break.
Could not hook up to my Coax cable on my dish system.
Box came unwrapped with a bunch of pads and a box of toilet paper.
I've had a bit of a shock at the moment.
This is a good pen, but I'm a little disappointed with the quality of the box.
I recently received a pair of croc feet from a friend, and I had to return them because they were too narrow.
I have received a Huawei Mate 10 Pro from a company called Supershieldz.
Bought this for SI joint pain in pregnancy and it was a great belt until it started to stretch out.
I have been given a Samsung Galaxy Note 7 by a friend and it has been a blast to use.
I got a leather car seat cover for my car and it is not as good as I thought it would be.
I've been to the dentist for the first time in more than a year, and I'm pleased to report that I've had no problems with my knees.
A quick look at some of the things you can do with this app:.
I got a box of Kleenex for my dog and it turned out to be a waste of money.
I have been given a pair of these by a friend as a Christmas present, but they are a bit too big for me.
This is the difference in the time it takes to change one lamp into another.
I was sent a copy of the 5th edition of the Game of Thrones on Christmas Day, and it turned out to be the wrong edition.
This is my first dermarolling roller and I have to say it’s not the best.
This is what I got for Christmas when I bought a new bike for my son.
This is a good product, but it is not reliable.
I bought a washing machine from a Chinese company and it worked great for a while.
I've been using a pair of Bose QuietComfort 35 headphones for the past few months.
The BBC has a guide to the best and worst brands of towels, and how much they cost.
A friend of mine has been telling me about the five apps she uses on her phone and how they all work.
This is what happens when you try to give a dog a treat.
These are some of the most uncomfortable shoes I have ever seen.
I went to buy some chain for my car and found out I had been given the wrong kind of chain.
If you're looking for a cheap and easy way to make your bed, then you might want to look elsewhere.
I bought this fanny pack for my diabetic son, and it’s starting to tear.
Came in the post on Monday and was delivered on Tuesday.
I have been trying to fix some of the Christmas lights in our house.
There is a lot of noise coming out of the top of this thing.
BBC Sport looks at some of the key talking points from the BBC Sport Personality of the Year awards.
The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is an excellent smartphone, but it's not the best value for money.
A customer has contacted us to complain about a product they received and were unable to use because it was damaged.
Drones are a great idea, but the problem with this one is that you have to take it out of the box to use it.
Not what I expected to see when I woke up in the morning.
Does not cook the way you want it to.
It’s ok and not that great.
I've been using a Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge tablet for the last few months and I've been really happy with it.
This is a good book to read if you are trying to lose weight.
A few weeks ago, I bought this really cute bra from Amazon.
I’m not a big fan of leather, so I was a bit surprised when I found these in the shop.
I have been using this laptop for the past two years and it has been a disaster.
I've been trying to find a way to charge my controllers so that I don't have to do it twice a day.
I received this item in the post, but I never opened it, so I am returning it.
I received a bag of roasted pumpkin seeds in the mail, and they taste awful.
A few weeks ago, I tried out a new cup made by a Japanese company, and it turned out to be a bit of a let down.
Have you ever tried using a hairbrush in the shower?
Slow-cooking a roast is not necessary.
If you want to know how much it costs to buy a pair of shoes, here's a good place to start.
I have just received my Mat and it has been a very pleasant surprise.
Very bright screen and poor audio, neither can be changed.
A new set of wheels have been delivered to my house and I'm very happy with them, but the customer service was poor.
I’ve been using these for years and they’re getting worse.
I’ve been using this shampoo for the past two weeks and I have to say it has made my hair greasy.
A few weeks ago, I bought a new one-year-old Samsung Galaxy S4.
I bought this keto base because I wanted to see if it would help curb my appetite and keep me in ketosis.
when i received the item in the post, i thought it would be a good idea to try it out.
A few weeks ago, I went to the post office to pick up a postcard from a friend, only to find it had been sent to the wrong post office.
I've just returned a £50 watch that I bought online because I was confused about whether it was glass or plastic.
I ordered a pair of slippers from Amazon, and they are too big for me.
A customer has contacted me to complain about a backpack he bought on eBay.
This is a bad product for chewing, especially if you have bad teeth.
A friend of mine has been complaining about the sound coming out of his sound bar.
A customer has complained about the quality of the lid on their washing machine.
Perhaps my expectations were too high, but this was a disappointing start to the season for Sheffield United.
I've been trying out some of the new hand sanitizers that have been released in the US.
The BBC has released a new series of puzzles on the BBC iPlayer, and I've been trying to find out what they are about.
This is what happens when you try to put on a headband.
This game was a bit of a let down for me.
This is what I got when I went to the post office today.
These are some of the more unusual socks that you can buy on Amazon.
This is what it looks like when you drink Crystal Light Pure Lemonade.
Not quite as good as “waterproof” as it sounds, but it’s pretty close.
The world's thinnest smartphone, the iPhone 5S, has been unveiled by Apple.
This is the second time I have bought a TV screen, and I have to say, it's not as good as the last one.
This is one of my favourite Christmas presents so far but I have to say it's not as good as I expected.
This is a great swimsuit to wear in the pool or on the beach.
This is a documentary about the men's and women's marathons around the world.
If you want more stopping power, then buy these Bosch brake pads.
I do not know how to use this thing.
Red was more of an orange colour than I would have expected for a pocket knife, so I'm not sure if that's a good thing or not.
The Xbox One controller is a pretty good controller for the money.
I recently bought this book from a used book website, and I have to say it is not in the best condition.
A few years ago, I bought a tablet computer with a built-in wi-fi connection.
Purchased because we trust the maker, but this particular product did not live up to that standard.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at some of the things he has found out about life in the Middle East.
A stone feel off the second day of use.
This is a good example of what I mean when I say it's a good idea to make your own phone charger.
This is a very good example of the kind of camera you might want to have in your home.
Fantastic small tuner with adjustable frequency option.
So I ordered a grill for my house, and it turned out to be a bit tricky to assemble.
Doesn’t look like the photo.
I bought this set of drill bits from Amazon and it works well, but I would recommend looking at the reviews before buying.
This rhinestone case was so cute, but then it started to fall off.
Was not pleased with this shirt at all. I ordered a 2XL and it was more like a size large.
Leaves a bad taste in the mouth of any film-maker, and this is no exception.
A few years ago I placed an order for a handbag from Amazon.
This is what happened when we blew up a bunch of hot air balloons in our living room.
One of the best-selling shoes in the world at the moment is the suede Manolo Blahnik sneaker.
I have had to replace the box in which my hand-crankers are kept after it was damaged by a piece of metal.
Bought this for a friend that likes League of Legends, and while they might appreciate the gift for how it looks, it's not a very good gift.
I'm new to fishing, so I thought I'd give these bobbers a try.
I've been using this for a few weeks now and it's a bit of a let-down.
A darts shop in the US has been robbed.
A look at some of the more unusual bra designs that have appeared in the fashion industry over the past few years.
Belfast City Football Club has been praised for the performance of their under-23s in the European Under-23 Championship qualifier against the Czech Republic.
I bought this soap dispenser from Amazon for $10.
Does not work good and doesn't pull out any hairs.
I've tried two different TP-Link switches and they both have the same problem.
I have been playing with some of the new Nerf darts that have been released by the US National Football League.
This heater worked great for a few months but within 6 months it stopped working.
I've been trying out a new type of Cord and I've got to say it's not as good as I first thought.
Don't get me wrong, I'm a big fan of espresso drinks, but these are not the best way to start the day.
This book was a bit of a let-down for me.
I'm not a big fan of acronyms, so I was a bit surprised when I found this one on the internet.
Here's a picture of a new water bowl I bought for my dog.
I have been trying out a new handbag at work and found it to be a bit difficult to use.
A few weeks ago I went to the post office to pick up my new phone.
Some of the beads I got for Christmas came with paint on them.
It wasn't quite what you would expect from an eyeliner brush, but it was a good start.
This is the dress I wore to my friend's wedding.
I tried out a new pair of running shoes and they were very difficult to fit on my feet.
We have been using these charging cords for years and they are starting to wear out.
I got a pair of socks for Christmas from my mum, and they are so cute!
Came with a broken light bulb and went out with a bang.
If you are looking for a good slight wedge pillow with back supporting incline this is not the pillow for you.
Check out this pair of earrings that have fallen out of my daughter’s ears.
A few weeks ago I took my daughter to the mall to try out some new nail polish.
A few weeks ago I bought a rug from a shop in Tokyo, Japan.
An elderly woman has died after being hit by a train while trying to deliver a box of biscuits to her son.
As a walking cane, it's pretty good.
I ordered some bibs for my grandchild and they are not what I expected.
Nozzle dispenser with a built-in dispenser that can be switched on and off.
Can you please send me a replacement for my humidifier?
This is what it looks like when you try on a Halloween costume, and it's not what you expect.
I've been using an electric toothbrush for the past few weeks and it's been pretty good.
No tracks- means it will be hard to make a straight cut.
A review of the Philips Hue smart bulbs:.
This is a cheap tool made in China that I bought at a yard sale.
You get what you pay for when you sign up for the BBC Sport website.
I've never been a big fan of football, so I was a bit disappointed when the England Under-21 team were knocked out of Euro 2016.
I've been trying to get a picture of this one for a while, but it's a bit difficult to get right.
They were so big I couldn’t put them in the tree.
Here's a picture of a necklace I once owned, but never wore because it was too big.
The Jansport Backpack has been rated "excellent" on Amazon, but we can't tell you if it will hold up in real life.
I've been trying out a new pair of socks and they're not as comfortable as the ones I'm used to.
If you want to know what happens when you put a picture on the ceiling, try this out.
I used to have a gold band on my wedding ring, and it turned out to be a fluke.
I've been using this jacket for a few months now and it's starting to show its age.
I've been sent a new set of toothbrushes by the company I've been using for more than a year.
Have you ever wondered what would happen if you put a purple dye in your food?
Not very bright, but works with my iphone.
Mine was cracked when I got it so I had to replace it with a new one.
I've been looking for a plate holder for my Raspberry Pi 3, and I've found one, but it's missing a piece.
I have been using my new inkjet printer for a few months now and it is starting to run out of ink.
I bought a dress from a charity shop and it turned out to be the wrong size.
Doesn't look too bad, does it?
I bought this cup from Amazon because I wanted to use it to drink cold water, but it leaked all over my lap.
I’m not a big fan of smartwatches, but I’ve been trying one out and it’s pretty disappointing.
One of the best deals I've had in a long time.
I have been making a coconuts for my parakeets.
Well, certainly not for natural, full breasted women.
Amazon sent me one of their new cups that you can use to give yourself a bath or shower.
I've been trying to find a good picture of the blue sky over London, and this is the best I can come up with.
This is a good idea, but it's a shame that it doesn't have a built-in leash.
A gripping account of a man's fight to save the world from the prospect of a huge platinum mine in South Africa.
Good for you, good for your health, and good for the environment.
Should fit a kids head and a grown-up head?
I've been playing with my new phone for the first time and I've got to say it's pretty good.
Here's a look at some of the things I've been wearing this week:.
If you're buying the Taylors Fundamentals of Nursing book, then you might want to check out this book as well.
This is a great product, but it is a bit of a waste of time.
A 3 step ladder with a shelf that can hold larger items.
A new chapstick that claims to be the world's first all-in-one lip moisturizer has been released in the US.
Ok, so if you are a tall, svelte, supermodel type this will be fabulous on you.
It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.
I've been wearing this dress for the last two weeks.
Very comfortable but it’s not that easy to blow up.
These are some of the worst pans I have ever used.
I've been using this brush for the first time and it's really easy to use.
I've been trying a new painkiller and it's not as good as the painkillers I'm used to.
These funnels are so helpful for me to carry my powder meal and vitamins together.
When I took off the factory coating on my car's windscreen, I found it to be a bit harder to get out than I thought.
How do you use a flat iron to do your hair?
I've been using this one for a few years now and it's been a bit of a let-down.
Cheaper than buying them online, but not as good as buying them in the store.
This is a wooden skull that I made for a friend, and it's been having a lot of fun on fire.
I bought a bunch of sponges at a yard sale, but only one of them turned out to be good.
These are some of the dresses I wore to a wedding a few years ago.
I've been playing with the new Nintendo Switch for the first time, and I've got some concerns about the grip.
Former San Diego Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers has died at the age of 37.
The quality of the tea is good, but it does not go as far as I would like.
Some of the tools you can buy on the internet can be very good or very bad.
Not a bad book, but not a great one.
I've been using this switch for a few years now and I'm happy to say that it works well.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge comes with a built-in case for the phone, but you can also get one for the Galaxy S8 and S8.
Check out our review of the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge on Amazon.
An online retailer has put up a Halloween costume for sale, but it doesn’t include everything listed on the description.
This is the dress I tried on for the first time at the New York Fashion Week.
I got some new shoes at the post office, but they were a bit too big for me.
It's a good quality piece of furniture, but it's a bit of an eyesore.
This pair of shorts are a bit too big for me.
I've just started using this new face cream from L'Oreal and I have to say it's pretty good.
A bunch of orange peel has been cut into sheets for the first time, and they turned out pretty well.
I've been playing this game for the first time and I have to say it's pretty good.
Watchmaker Rolex has said it will stop making watches for women, but will continue to make them for men.
The left controller has a built-in case that makes it easy to slip it in and out of the dock.
A couple of weeks ago I ordered a glass chimney from Amazon.
My wife and I have been using this belt for years, and it has become a bit of a nuisance.
I bought this shirt to wear after my wedding ceremony in our honeymoon suite as a comfy, cute shirt to throw on over leggings.
A few weeks ago, I sent you a picture of a dog I had met at a dog park.
I have been using a raincoat as a baby lullaby for the first time, and I have to say it is not very good.
I've just got back from my first trip to the UK, and I'm really happy with how it turned out.
A new type of mattress could help people sleep better at night, according to researchers at the University of Bath.
I've been trying out a new camera and I've got to say, it's not that good.
I'm a big fan of Amazon's raincoats, but have recently had to replace one after it started to leak.
This is a good product, but I would not buy it again.
I've been trying out some new clips for my earrings, and I have to say they're a bit disappointing.
I'm a cat owner and I bought some catnip pens for my cat.
Not fit for an adult but it’s just right for a kid...
I’ve been trying out a new pair of earrings and they’re not as good as I expected.
There is no built-in charger, so you will have to charge your phone on the go.
This is a picture of a pack of pheasants in a field in New South Wales, Australia.
A few weeks ago, I tried out a new bike bag and found it to be very difficult to get on and off.
I ordered a sweatshirt from Amazon and I have to say it's not what I was expecting.
This is a good bag for the money, but I would not recommend it if you need the shoulder strap.
It was a good story, but kind of predictable.
A review of the Bose SoundBoost 2.0, which I received for Christmas.
I bought these from Amazon because I wanted to be able to wear them when I went to the gym.
A couple of weeks ago I received an e-mail asking if I wanted to try out a new game called animal crossing.
I've been playing around with some of the new stencils on offer at the Etsy store.
She’s been through a lot in the last few months, so I thought I’d give her a break and show her some of the things she can do.
Cute little light that tells you when it's time to go to bed.
I ordered a wig for my daughter for Christmas and it turned out to be water brown.
Nice looking and nice quality, but quite heavy.
Looks beige off white with a blue border.
This is one of my favourites of the year so far.
Here's a video of a cat trying out the cardboard side of a new toy he got for Christmas.
I tried on a skirt for the first time this week and it was a bit of a let-down.
As expected, the latest version of the Apple AirPods has been unveiled in New York.
Trouble is, I'm not a big fan of perfume, so when I saw the price of this one, I was a bit put out.
I have been using HR Block for my taxes for the past two years, and this year was the first year the download for state did not work.
I’m a big fan of reusable clothes, but I’ve got to say these pads don’t wash clean at all.
I have been using an electric iron for the first time and I have to say that it is very difficult to use.
I haven't read this book in a while and I have to say, it wasn't that bad.
I've been trying out a new pair of shorts and they're a bit too bright for my taste.
Wasn't what I expected but works if used to emboss.
I bought 6 of these mugs from Amazon and one of them had to be returned because of a defect.
I have been wearing these shoes for a few years now and they are getting a bit old.
These are some of the more unusual pieces of kit that you can buy at your local hardware store.
Not what I expected to find when I arrived at my new home.
This is a pretty good wallet, but it is a bit heavy.
I’ve just got a new set of keys from Amazon and I’m not happy with them.
I've been trying out a new hiking boot for the first time, and it's pretty good.
A few weeks ago I received an e-mail from a friend asking if I'd be interested in making my own power supplies.
I bought a pair of dog goggles for my schnauzer for Christmas, and I have to say they’re pretty bad.
These sponges are a bit cheap, but they don't last long.
I received the Dada in a very light stripped gray/white color.
This is a pretty good bike, but it needs a bit of maintenance.
I have been using this case for my iPhone 7 Plus for the past month, and I have to say it has been pretty good.
Didn’t seem to calm my girls down so I’m going to give it a go myself.
I've been using this tray for a few weeks now, and I have to say it's a bit of a let down.
These are great for peeling back paint or wood varnish.
I've been trying out a new hat at the moment, and I've got to say it's not as good as I expected.
Didn’t work for me maybe I did something wrong?
This is a very good bike, but the only problem with it is the hitch.
I’ve been using a Vizio projector for the past six months and it’s been having some issues.
I’ve been using this lotion for a couple of weeks now and I have to say it’s pretty good.
This is a very good monitor, but the only problem I had with it was the humming noise it made.
Not as good as I thought it would be, but at least it wasn't as bad as I expected.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is a great phone, but the only problem is that it's a bit of a pain to use.
BBC Radio 5 live has switched off its speaker system because of a problem with the wire.
I've just got back from a trip to the seaside, and have been trying out some of the products I've bought.
This is a great book for children to use as a sticker book.
A few weeks ago I ordered a set of stairs for my house.
I have been using the G19 light for a few months now and I have to say that it is a good light for the money.
A pair of sandals I've been wearing for the past few weeks have been a bit of a let down.
Coca-Cola has changed the way it packages its products.
This is what you get if you buy someone a bacon sandwich, but they don't want it.
I like the bag it came in, but I don’t know if I’m going to use it.
These are some of the best leg wraps I have ever worn.
I bought two of these for my computer, one for my phone and the other for my tablet.
I keep saying NO to Publisher's Clearing.....but it keeps showing up.
I recently bought a new pair of jeans from Amazon, and they’re pretty good.
This is a good science book for 5th graders, but I don't think it's for everyone.
I've been trying to find a shirt that will go with my teal sweater.
I have had a problem with my credit card for the last two years.
This is not a book I would recommend to anyone, especially if you are a fan of James Woods.
I bought this bookcase from Amazon because I like the look of it, but I was a little disappointed by the condition of the box.
Apple's new iPhone 7 Plus has a lot of potential, but it's also a bit of a mess.
This is a screen protector that you can buy on Amazon for £9.99.
This is the second book I have read by the same author as the first book I read, and I have to say it was pretty good.
Bags ok, definitely large enough for a weeks trip.
I've been trying to find a wig that won't fall apart.
In the beginning they fit perfectly, but now they stretch out so much I have to take them off when I go out.
My smoothie cup got stuck to the base of the machine, so I had to buy a new one.
I'm a big fan of stakes and have been using them for a number of years.
I've been trying out a new pair of running shoes from Clarks and they're a bit of a let-down.
Came as expected but did not work all the time.
I ordered a Combo of 36 Heat-Seal Pre-cut Bags from Amazon.
I've been using the PetSafe citronella collar for my dog and it seems to be working well.
Nail clippers that use a magnifier to magnify the nail are a must-have if you have a baby.
Here’s a fun way to check if you’ve got pupils in the right place.
I bought a couple of these in the West Midlands and they were very good value for money.
Not tech savvy I need more than one app.
This is the first time I've used cannabis to help with pain.
Lasted all of 2 hours with my dog.
I've been wearing a new pair of shorts for a couple of weeks now and they are really comfortable.
Great product for the price of £1.50.
It's been a while since I last wrote a blog, so I thought I'd give it a go.
Its not what I expected, but I'm glad I got to experience it.
The latest fashion trend is to wear your hair in a bun, and we've got some ideas on how to do it.
This is a really good album, but it's not as good as it could have been.
I have been using this bag for the past two weeks and it has been really good for me.
I’ve been trying a new type of water and it seems to be helping me to lose weight.
These are some of the best-selling air fresheners in the world.
Tampons are a necessity for many women, but what if you have to use them for the rest of your life?
A new water tank has been unveiled at the Royal Botanic Gardens in Edinburgh.
BBC Sport looks at some of the top stories of the week:.
I bought this kit at a craft store because I thought it would be a good idea to use it for some DIY projects.
A woman in the UK has been trying out a new type of zip-up top, which she says is much easier to wear.
This is a good purse, but it is a bit of a pain in the ass to carry.
I have been playing around with a Raspberry Pi 3 and found it to be pretty easy to put together.
Picture of shoes is soooo much better than the actual shoes.
A new toy for dogs called a Kong has been released in the UK.
I received a defective version of this model from a customer, so I have replaced it.
I've been playing around with some of the new sponges in my collection and I've found one that I think might be better than the others.
I have been using a plastic bag to keep my chickens from pecking each other.
I bought this case for my wife's iPhone 7 Plus, and it seemed to be a pretty good fit.
Here's a tip from my sister-in-law that might help you out in the future.
I've been trying out a new type of hairbrush for my cat.
Doesn’t work for left-handed people :(
This is a very good product for a very petite woman.
Cute but not too much interest after first use.
I'm disappointed with the quality of the sound coming out of the speakers in my new home.
I have been using these for a couple of weeks now and I have to say that they are pretty good.
This is the best toilet paper I've ever used, and I've been using it for a long time.
I bought this bracelet as a Christmas present from a friend but it has turned out to be a waste of money.
I recently bought a pair of shorts from Amazon and they were a bit too short for me.
I've been playing with some of my new clothes and this is one of the things I've been using.
I've been using this in my bedroom for the last few months and it's been really good.
Here's a look at some of the designs that have been put forward for the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
I’m not sure if it’s a good idea or not, but I’ve been experimenting with some of the products on the market, and they’re pretty good.
I’m not sure if I’ve ever read a book like this before, but here’s a selection of some of the more interesting ones.
I have been using a garden hose for a few years now and it seems to be failing on me.
Not the most accurate assessment, but it's a good one.
These are some of the best-selling paintbrushes in the world, but they can be tricky to work with.
I have been putting these in my pond and they have been a big hit with the frogs.
My package arrived today, and I've been using it to find wall studs!
Bought this to take to the shooting range.
I got this cheese plate from Amazon and it's a bit of a disappointment.
The Fitbit Alta is one of the best fitness trackers I’ve ever used.
Bottles of iced tea were thrown out of the window of a house in north-west London after a fire broke out in the kitchen.
Loved the colour but they get tangled up great for the beach!
Al Pacino's latest film, The Godfather, has been released on Netflix.
I recently bought some gingerbread men biscuits from Amazon, and I have to say, they were pretty disappointing.
This is the view from the back of the car as I drive to work.
This is what I got when I signed my lease for my new flat.
Go a size bigger, you’ll thank me later.
I have been using this product for a couple of weeks now and I have to say it is a great product.
Veey cheap... but you get what you pay for.
We have been using this printer paper for a couple of weeks now and it seems to be working well.
I've been trying to find out how to make my new Â£10,000 hand-me-down computer.
The BBC has been given the chance to try a new method of weight loss and it seems to be working.
It’s very hard to drink out of for my grandson who is 3.
I've been using this belt for a year and it's getting a bit of wear and tear.
Didn't come down to my feet as far as it did in the picture.
I've been trying out some new lampshades at work and I've got to say they're pretty good.
A few days ago I received a book in the mail that I have been wanting to read for a while.
This is what happened when I tried to buy a shirt online and it was too big.
Would give 5 stars if the food wasn't so bad, and the service wasn't too bad.
A couple of years ago I bought a bottle of wine from a shop in the West Midlands.
Look at this one from the brand new L'Oreal Paris range.
Pillow that came with my new bed is a nightmare to use.
These are some of the things I have tried out at work and they have been pretty good, but I don't think I would buy them again.
The format of this book is a bit of a letdown, because it's more like a collection of letters than a novel.
I have been having problems with my eyes for the last few weeks.
One of the best-selling books of the last few years has been re-released in the UK, with a price tag of £3,000.
A guide to the best ways to clean and care for your hair.
This is a fun game for children to play with their friends, but it does require a bit of practice.
My husband and I have been having problems with our hair dryer.
I've been given the chance to test out a new air freshener at my house.
I've been using a retractable badge holder for a few years now, and I've had a few problems with them.
I recently bought these floor mats from Amazon, and I have to say they are pretty good!
It's not as good as the original, but it's better than the alternatives.
I have just bought this camera from Amazon and it has been a disappointment.
Had trouble staying on the ball in the first round of the Euro 2016 qualifying tournament.
I've been trying to lose weight for a month now, and I've been posting pictures of how it's going on social media.
This is the first time I've used an Otterbox phone case, and I have to say I'm really happy with it.
I bought a jar of this stuff to see if it would make me feel better, or if it was just a placebo.
How to make your own hairspray:.
Did not fit Moto e5 Play and received a refund.
The lye used to make this soap was not very good.
Worked great with a little duck tape on the ends of the wire!
Nice top but not as big as I would have liked.
Plastic doesn't have to be bad for your health, but it does have to look good.
I've been using my new LG G5 tablet computer for a few months now and I have to say that it's much better than the previous model.
Shirts made by the same company are no longer available in the UK.
Check out the full range of colours and patterns available in this collection, as well as some of the more unusual designs.
I've been reading this book for the first time and I have to say, it wasn't as good as I thought it would be.
This is a good idea, but the problem with it is that it's a bit difficult to use.
I've been trying out a new product at work and I have to say it's a bit of a let down.
I've just received a pair of buttons from a friend, and they're not quite what they seem.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge has a built-in speaker and a 3.5mm headphone jack.
These were pretty close to the same story over and over again.
I've had my hands on one of these for a few days now and I have to say it's pretty good.
I’m a big fan of Apple’s products but I’ve got to say this one is a let down.
Here are some of the more unusual outfits I've seen over the years.
I've been using this for a while now and it's been working well for me.
Haven't tried them yet, but I've been told they're good for you.
Here's a look at some of the more unusual designs that have been released in the past few years.
A few weeks ago, I bought a bunch of ghost shrimp.
I've just got back from a trip to New Zealand and I've had to replace one of my shoes.
I have been using my iPhone 7 Plus as a stand to hold my phone and I have been trying to find a ring that would work.
Great for food but not water, especially if you have a lot of them.
I have just got my new phone and I have to say it is not as good as I hoped it would be.
The number of lightning strikes in the UK has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, according to the Scottish Natural Heritage website.
I bought a set of 194 light bulbs for my car, but they are all the wrong size.
It’s a good idea to have a camera on your smartphone, but I don’t think they’re going to be as popular as they used to be.
Here's a look at some of the more unusual spoons I've been using in my kitchen.
I purchased these boots for my daughter, however, I will be returning them.
I have been trying out a new pair of slippers and they are really comfortable.
This is the first time I have tried a shaving cream slime and I have to say it was pretty good.
A new type of nail clipper has been released on the market.
I've seen a lot of people complaining about the heaters in their cars, so I thought I'd give them a try.
Willow Tree has sent me a new Christmas ornament, but it is defective and I am returning it for a refund.
Too Hard and not very comfortable for me.. maybe for other people.
Received game with no instructions on how to play it.
This is a pretty good shot of a World War Two tank from the US Navy.
This is what I got for Christmas from my mum.
This is the first time I have made cornbread, and I have to say it is very difficult to make.
Loved the cup but the lid/straw didn’t work.
I have been using this product for the past two weeks and it has made my face look and feel so much better.
Does the trick easy to install no thrills.
As I was gluing paper art onto a mirror, I thought it would be fun to see if it turned out as well as I expected.
I've been playing around with some new gloves, and I've got to say they're a bit too tight.
The Philips Hue smart light has a lot going for it, but it doesn't do much to show it off.
This is a good book about the Great Hunger of the 19th Century.
This is what it looked like when I first started working for the BBC in the 1980s.
This is what it looks like when you have a double mastectomy.
A few weeks ago, I bought a pack of biscuits from a shop near me, and one of them broke.
I bought this product on Amazon and it turned out to be a bit of a flop.
Does not fit the 10 point Titan SS properly.
Felt very cheap but guess you get what you pay for.
Ever since I installed this unit, my engine keeps coming on, with an error code...that my engine is mis-firing.
A good quality, well-made handbag with a good fit and finish.
I have been using these cups for a few months now and I have to say they are pretty good.
Here are some of the things you might want to try out before you decide if you want to go on a trip.
This is the view from the front door of my new house.
Too messy to show in the gallery, but here's a selection of some of the more striking images from the shoot.
Don't buy this product if you don't need it, or don't want to buy it.
I have been trying out a new curtain at my house and I have to say that I am not a big fan of it.
A lot of people have been using this gadget to charge their phones, but I have found that it doesn't always work the way I want it to.
This is a pretty good way to tell the time on a clock.
I've been trying out a new speaker system at work, and it's been having some problems.
Watch this video to see what happens when you put a watch on your teeth.
A few weeks ago I bought a new shirt.
I am writing to complain about the quality of the product I received.
Lasted all of four months in my car.
I've just received a new tablet computer and it's a bit tricky to install.
So I got a new computer, and it's pretty good.
I’m not sure if this is the best photo of me I’ve ever taken, but I think it’s close.
I ordered 3 screen protectors for my iPhone 7 and 7 Plus and they all arrived at the same time.
I don't know much about these but they look like they could be a good idea.
There's a lot to like about this one, but I'm not sure what it is.
I've just finished the second book in a series of three about a woman who has to deal with the aftermath of her husband's death.
I've got a new job and I'm really happy with the way it's going.
Pictures are copyrighted by Getty Images and Reuters.
A couple of weeks ago, I went out to buy some shells for my Christmas tree, and came home with hundreds of them.
Smells great, but gets on everything it touches.
If you are looking for a shirt to wear to work, this is a good place to start.
I got this set of pens and pencils for Christmas and I have to say it is a bit of a disappointment.
A look at some of the things you might have missed out on if you weren't paying attention to the news.
I’ve been using this humidifier for a couple months now and it’s quit working.
I've been using these for a couple of years and they've been pretty good.
I've just got back from a trip to the seaside with my son, and I bought this toy bike.
I've got a pair of $40 cycling shorts and I've been testing them out and I have to say they are a bit of a let down.
This is a great way to learn about the different types of animals.
Bought it for myself it completed my set of xo victoria.
I've been watching this video on YouTube for the last few days, and it's got me hooked.
I bought this product to see if it would lower phosphorus levels for my mom who is a dialysis patient.
A friend of mine has been having problems with his coffee mill, so he has ordered a replacement.
I just got back from a trip to New York and found out that I ordered the wrong size belt.
Here's a selection of some of the more unusual photographs I've taken over the last few years.
A review of the Bullet, a coffee maker made from almond milk and MTC oil.
This week I'm writing a review of a piece of paper that's been sent to me by a friend.
A Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge has a built-in charger, but it's not as good as an Apple charger.
I've been using the same cleaning products for the past three years, and they all seem to work the same.
This is a very good product and I am very happy with it.
The BBC has a review of the BBC iPlayer app, which has been criticised for being too easy to use.
I've had two of these for about a year now and they are starting to pop off.
I've been working on a new design for my blog for a while, so I thought I'd share it with you.
A few weeks ago I bought this for my mum, and she's been wearing it ever since!
My mum bought this diffuser for my sister for Christmas and she loves it.
Check out our review of the Samsung Galaxy Note 7, which has a built-in camera, wi-fi, and a speaker.
I've just got a new desk chair from Ikea, and I have to say it's much better than the one I had before.
I have been trying out a new brand of pimple patches and I have to say they are not as good as the other brands I tried.
I’m trying out a new light in my bedroom and it’s attracting mosquitoes.
This is a good cane, but it's a bit of a pain to walk with.
Cable works, just not for the purchased application.
Amazon Prime members can now get a free pair of AmazonBasics with their Prime membership, and they come in a variety of colours.
I got this wig for $15 on Amazon.
This is a good product, but the noise it makes is too much for me.
A friend of mine made me a new window shade for my car.
This is a coloring book that is supposed to be for children, but it's more for adults.
This is what happened when I tried to dye my bed.
I have been using this product for a few months now and I have to say it has been a bit of a let down.
The kids and I went to the post office today to pick up our new car.
This is the final result of a project to make an epson projector.
I've been trying out a new wallet at work and it's a bit difficult to use.
If you want to listen to music in the office, here are some tips:.
This is a trolling motor that you can use to launch your boat into the water.
Makes your pee orange and makes you think you're going to have a heart attack.
I have been using this phone case for two months now and it is starting to break.
Have you ever wondered what you would do if you got a cut on your finger?
A look at some of the most eye-catching scenes from this year's Baftas.
I have been trying out a new set of weights from the British Gymnastics Federation and I have to say they are pretty good.
I have been trying out some of the components for a new camera that I am making for my son.
What I received from Amazon is not what I paid for.
I bought this cat carrier from Amazon and it's a bit of a mixed bag for me.
For the first time in a long time, I've been able to put my laptop on the floor.
The case we used to carry our camera in was a bit of a flop.
This is a really good deal for the size and quality of the handbag.
Nice shirt, but arrived with a hole in it.
A good tasting product but not as tasty as the Penrose (sp) Polish Sausage.
The latest MLP movie has been released in the US.
This is a great shirt, but I'm returning it because it's too big.
Not the quality they describe, not the price, not even the packaging.
Easy to clean, easy to use and easy to clean.
Hole in the Ground is a new product from the UK, and it's a bit of a mixed bag.
This lunchbox is cute, but I think it would be difficult to pack and get out of.
This is a great idea, but I'm not sure if it's going to work on everyone's glasses.
B zone will not power speakers, but I want it to power two outside deck speakers.
This is one of the best books I have read in a long time.
Not all zippers are made the same, so we've put together a list of the best ones to try out.
I've been using these for a while now, and they're pretty good.
A little difficult to fidget with at first, but once you get the hang of it it's pretty easy to use.
Does what it says, however one of them stopped working the second day.
It's been a while since I made anything with plastic, so I've been trying to come up with a new way to make them.
This is a shirt I found at a thrift store.
Doesn't get much hotter than this, does it?
I've been trying out a new pair of shorts and they are a little tight.
I just bought a new mobile phone because my old one stopped working and I could not reach anyone on the other end.
These are some of the more unusual Christmas decorations I have ever seen.
Amazon doesn't hold up their reputation of delivery date.
The BBC has received a complaint from a customer over the time it took for them to receive their parcel from the post office.
If you want to have a lollipop for Christmas, you might want to think again!
This set of Christmas decals were a huge hit with my family.
This is the colour pop palette I got for my birthday.
Not the way it appeared in the pictures, but this is how it turned out!
I have been using this bowl for my cat for the past two years.
I have been trying out a new wrist band and it has been a bit of a challenge.
I have just got back from a trip to the South American country of South America, where I bought a couple of plants to grow in my garden.
This game has far TOO many ads and sales promotions.
The last time I bought food online was when I was pregnant with my daughter.
Very tiny and not much useful for my purpose.
Here are some of the more unusual colours you might see on the internet.
A selection of our favourite books of the year, as voted for by members of the public.
I've been to the UK for the first time and I've got to say I'm not a big fan of the headphones I've been using.
A friend of mine has been using this bottom feeder for her betta and it's not working!
I have been using the Amazon Echo for a few months now and I have to say it is a bit of a let down.
Wanted to buy off amazon with prime never again for something I want to stay mint.
Here's a look at some of the more eye-catching hairstyles you might have missed this week.
I've been waiting for this for a long time and finally it has arrived!
Took awhile for my cat to get into this, but she does like it.
Not as good as I had hoped, but it was still good enough to try.
I have been using some of my new earrings for the first time in months.
Is this a good product or is it overpriced?
Tent, rain fly and stakes - all in the same place in the Boundary Waters National Park in Canada.
A selection of the most read books of the year so far.
Apple's latest operating system, iOS, is now available on Android devices.
I have been given the chance to try out a new pair of sandals by a member of the public.
A few weeks ago I received a soap bar from a company called "Feel Good Soap".
Canned food from this vendor is not as good as advertised.
Not the best quality, but it's a good price for the quality.
A knifepoint has been sent to me by a customer who was unhappy with the quality of the knife I was given.
Here's a look at some of the more unusual parts of the human body that you might not have noticed.
Smells good, feels good, looks good.
My wife and I have been trying out the new Apple Watch Series 2 band and she says it's a bit too loose.
His latest album is a bit of a let-down.
I've been trying to find a way to store all my wine and beer in one place.
These are some of the gifts I received in the post this week.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is a pretty good tablet, but it does have a few issues.
Too small for my six-year-old grandson.
I just got a new set of power cables for my phone.
A lot of people have been talking about the movie Dunkirk, but I didn't like it as much as I thought I would.
I am not a huge fan of Joanna Lumley, but I have to say I did enjoy her latest TV series, The Night Manager.
I've been using an extension cable to help my dog get out of my bathtub.
I've been looking for a new curtain for my bathroom and I've found one on etsy.
I've been using this book for a while and it's been a bit of a hit and miss for me.
Not exactly what I thought it would be like...
I've been playing with a new robe I bought on ebay and found it to be pretty good.
I have been using these for a couple of years and they have been a lifesaver.
This is the second time I've tried the new Samsung Galaxy Note 7, and I have to say it's a bit disappointing.
Photographs courtesy of Getty Images, Reuters and Reuters.
Not sure what to make of this one, but I'm glad I tried it.
I've been wearing this jacket for a few months now and it's time to try it on.
If you're planning to go on a camping trip with your family or friends, you might want to consider this tent.
These are some of the best diffusers I’ve ever used, and they’re also pretty cheap!
I am a nurse and I have been using an anti-wrinkle cream for years, but I wanted to see if it would work on my skin.
A few days ago, I bought a sword online for my son, and it turned out to be a bit of a let-down.
Here are some tips on how to make your own paint brushes.
I just got back from a trip to the mall and I bought a new pair of heels.
One of the wheels on my bike has been stolen.
The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is the best-selling smartphone in the world right now, but it's not the only one.
A lot of people have been asking me to review this new toy from Nintendo, and I have to say it's pretty good.
Rugby league kit has arrived in the post, and I'm happy to report that it's turned out to be quite good.
I've just had my first look at my new Â£5,000-a-head camera.
I've just got back from a trip to New York, and I've been looking at some of the signs on the door of a gun shop.
A look at some of the things you might have missed out on if you weren't paying attention:.
A few weeks ago, I tried out a new method of recording music on my phone.
I bought this thermostat from Amazon for my house and I have to say it was a good buy.
I bought a doona stroller from Amazon, but I didn’t like the one that I got.
It's the first time I've used a virtual reality headset, and I have to say, it's not as good as the iphone.
The following is a list of the world's most famous dogs.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she is "disappointed" with the way the Conservative Party has handled the election campaign.
Zipper already misaligned on first use! My son wakes up and his sleep sack is almost completely unzipped!
A friend of mine has asked me to try on a jumpsuit to see if it fits.
An electric toothbrush with a built-in charger is a great idea.
Very thin that it feels like the one I get from dollar store.
A look at some of the more striking images from around the world this week.
A group of marbles have been put on display in the grounds of the National History Museum in London.
I recently bought a bed for my dog and I have to say it is not holding up very well.
I've been trying out a new pair of boots that have fur on the top and bottom.
The belt is one of the most popular pieces of kit on the market at the moment, but what do you use it for?
I have been using this for a couple of weeks now and it has been great.
I’m wearing a 6x and it fits like a 2x-3x!
I bought this Samsung TV remote replacement as I lost the original one.
A woman in the US has had her photo taken in a glass frame that was given to her as a gift by her ex-boyfriend.
This is a great idea for anyone who likes to drink in the bath.
I’m not a huge fan of incandescent lightbulbs, so I’ve been using this one for a couple of years.
These are a good idea if you have a 2015 rav4 xle and you need a lug that fits your rims.
Washed new sheets prior to use because they felt a bit flimsy.
Runs are good, but there is a lot of room for improvement.
I've been wearing this one for a few weeks now and I have to say it's pretty good.
I've been looking for a place to store my fleece, but I don't think I've found one.
Police are investigating after a suspicious package was left on the steps of a house in Londonderry.
Great costume, but the only reason I give 3 stars is because of the wrist guards.
I was looking for my chai tea drink mix when I found it in a box of dog food!
Not a fan of the sound of my own voice when I'm playing the guitar.
If you're looking for a new way to record video, the BBC has found one for you.
This is the problem with having a telescope on your roof at night.
I've been trying out a new type of light in my room and this is the result.
Trouble downloading and installing the latest version of the Windows operating system.
I'm a big fan of SquareTrade, and have been using it for a long time.
Here's a look at some of the things you might have missed out on if you've been looking for something on the internet:.
After half a year, I am back with the same issue with my Apple AirPods.
Fade easily over the year I’ve had them.
A dog owner has tried a new recipe for a dog biscuit and says it's a success.
I have just got my new messenger bag from Amazon and I have to say that it is a bit too big for me.
Stiff, didn't fit well, so I took it off and put it back on.
Short through the head, long through the neck.
Liked the arms (sleeves), didn’t like the tightness around the chest, even when I took a size larger.
Very very small in size, just in time for the New Year.
The only problem with this outfit is that it's too big for me.
I've been using this clip for a while now and it's been working well for me.
I've just returned a pair of shoes that I bought online because they were too tight.
Let's just say they do the job the way you want them to.
I've had my hands on one of these for the first time and I have to say it is not as good as I would have liked.
I'm returning some of the Underwear I bought because of some issues with the elastic.
This is what happens when you buy something online and then return it.
Runs from £40 to £50, depending on the model, so you might want to think carefully before you buy.
BBC Sport looks at some of the key stories of the week in the world of sport.
Have you ever had a problem with your light?
This is a great way to get your hair to curl.
A friend of mine has told me about a new drug she has been taking which she says has made her lose weight.
The BBC has released a new version of the BBC iPlayer app, which allows users to check if the app is working or not.
I have been using a new coach for the last two years and I have to say it is not as good as the previous one.
I've been looking at a Z-wave speaker on eBay and found it to be a pretty good deal.
This dress is so cute, it's almost embarrassing.
Well, it won't let me read the previous reviews so I don't know if it's a good book or not.
Watch this video to see how the inside of a glass of water looks when it's opened.
A water down version of a great book by one of my favourite authors, JK Rowling.
Ok so I bought a new bike, but it turns out that the cable I got from a shop is not as good as I thought.
Didn't like the big increase in price.
Check out this video of a dog eating a carrot.
This is a very good way to get rid of the aftertaste of burnt rubber.
First delivery was not good enough, some parts were missing at delivery because package was open.
A friend of mine sent me this picture of a chair she made for her church.
I have just received my new £50 speaker system from Amazon, and it's working well.
Can't figure this one out, so I'm going to leave it up to you.
I bought this battery pack on Amazon because I wanted to try out some of the other items that came with it.
I'm not a big fan of leather, so I was a bit surprised to see a leather-wrapped version of the iPhone 7 in the UK.
Sonic has released a new monster binder that they say can hold up to 1,000 cards at a time.
Here is a short video of how to make your own compost pile - just enough for a short field exercise.
I've been using a battery-powered charger for my laptop for the first time.
I've been playing around with a new game that uses a keyhole projection to project magic into the real world.
I've been using this umbrella for a few weeks now, and I have to say it's a bit of a let down.
Here's the link to the video, but it doesn't work to download.
Did not work with Alexa, frequent incompatibility with devices.
I have been trying out a new chair cushion and I have to say it does not fit as well as I would like.
I've been using this product for the past two years and it's so disappointing.
Here's a look at some of the things I've made in the last few weeks.
Never had to use this and hope We never will so can't say much about it.
This is the only shirt I have bought in the last few years and I have to say it is a bit of a let down.
I've been making some emergency kits for work, so I thought I would share some of them with you.
The new Ferrari F50 has been unveiled and it's got a lot of parts.
I've just finished watching Ocean's Twelve and I have to say it wasn't as good as I thought it would be.
An excellent product but i have wide feet and therefor uncomfortable.
As much as I would like to say I love these earbuds - I simply cannot.
This is the second pressing of Rumours that I've had, and it's not much better than the first.
I've been using a pencil eraser for a few years now, and I've had a few problems with it.
A friend of mine has a pair of battery-powered saws that work with all sorts of tools.
Nail clippers are one of the most popular tools on the market, but they can be tricky to work with.
This is a good knife, but it does not come with a spare blade.
I've been using this on my lips for the first time, and it's really good!
I've been using this case on my iPhone 7 Plus for the last couple of days and it's been really good!
The BBC has launched its own magazine, the BBC World Service, which aims to be the "world's first 24-hour news service".
These are some of the best throw pillow covers I've ever seen.
I've been trying out a new shirt at work and I've had a bit of a problem with it.
I have been using this product for a few weeks now and I have to say it has been pretty good.
A couple of years ago I bought a pair of trousers from a charity shop and they turned out to be a waste of money.
I ordered two pairs of jeans from this brand and one of them is a disaster.
Here are some of the cutest things you might have seen on the internet this week.
A little bit of a challenge to get used to, but overall a good buy.
This is what happens when you give a dog a biscuit and give it a treat.
I've been trying out a new product that claims to be the first of its kind in the world.
A man has posted a picture of himself on the side of a motorway in a bid to encourage people to vote for him in the US election.
This is a good idea, but I don’t think it’s going to work.
I have been using this product for a few months now and it has been making me very ill.
A few weeks ago I received a set of linen napkins in the mail for my aunt and uncle to decorate their new house.
I've been using this product for the first time and it seems to be making my skin even more oily!
I'm going on a trip to Mexico this week, so I've been waiting for my camera to arrive.
I've been using this tool roll for a few weeks now, and I've got to say it's a bit of a let down.
A look at some of the more striking images from around the world this week.
Does not have a suction cup for the cup holder.
This is an ice cream drink made with the same ingredients as the Max Swiss Cacao.
I’m getting ready to go out for a night out with my friends, and I’ve been doing a series of tests to see if any of them work.
I've been using this one for a few months now and it's been getting better and better.
This is a great product, but I have had to replace the caribiners on the bowls because they were breaking.
Just a quick trip to the shop to get some parts for my car.
I'm not a big fan of the material on this one, but it is a good idea to try it out.
A friend of mine sent me a frying pan with a dent in it, so I decided to try it out.
Let's start by saying that I really like this for my son.
ThIs was my yard two weeks after I applied See Spot Run to my dog's water bowl.
I've been trying out a new dress at work and I don't know what to think about it.
I bought these from Amazon, and I'm happy to report that they're not as good as I thought they would be.
This is a really cute dress that I've been trying to find for a while, but it's too big!
I've just got back from a two-day trip to the south of England, and I've come home with a light bar in my suitcase.
This was my friend's Christmas present last year.
I just got back from a trip to the Maldives, and I have to say that these sandals are a bit big for me.
I've been using the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge for a few days now, and I've been having problems with the camera.
A couple of people have told me they are really happy with the way it works, and that they have been using it for over a year.
A good product for a young child, but not as good for a much older child.
When it comes to umbrellas, there are a lot of options out there, but I recently bought a $15 one from Amazon.
Here’s a quick look at how my new digital camera works.
This is a good product, but it is too short to fit inside a raised bed.
A woman in her 50s has been trying to buy a handbag for years, only to discover it is not as good as she thought it was.
I bought this toy for my son for Christmas, and it turned out to be a bit too big.
This shirt is a bit of a rip-off.
Good for walking on the beach but not so good for swimming in the sea.
For my long hair cat, this is the best I can do.
Not my best work, but it is what I have to work with.
I tried out a new grass mower at my house in south-west London.
I've been using this for a couple of weeks now and it's been pretty good.
felt like a cheap Chinese knife in my hand.
I've been using a new remote control for my camera for the last few months and I've got to say it's pretty good.
I’ve been using it for a couple of weeks now and I have to say it’s pretty good.
I’ve been using the smoke buddy jr for a few years now and it’s not as good as the larger smoke buddy I’m used to.
These are some of the nut bags I used to make my almond milk.
Does slim somewhat but so itchy can't really wear it
A dog and her owner have had a bit of a fight after the dog chewed through a piece of plastic.
I've been trying to work out how to use my new phone for the first time.
I got my hands on a new camera for my camera phone, and I have to say it's pretty good.
These are some of the more unusual gifts I have received in the last few years.
I have just received my new concealer brush, and I have to say, it is very disappointing.
Suspenseful but too graffic for my tastes.
I've just got back from a trip to New York, and I've been trying out some of the new swimwear from the Lululemon line.
I've had a lot of people ask me what I do for a living, so here are some of the things I do.
I have been using a diffuser for the last few days to make sure I have enough vitamin A and B in my body.
A lot of people have been asking me what I think about this box, and I have to say it's pretty good.
A friend of mine has just given me a new pair of trousers.
I had to replace the bumper on my pickup truck because of a problem with the spring.
I've been trying out a new dress at work, and it's really cute!
I've been using one of these for a few months now, and I have to say it doesn't do what it claims to do.
I bought this product from Amazon because it was on sale and I wanted to try it out.
I have been using a fountain pen for a while and I have to say they are not the best.
I've been trying to find a picture of this girl for a while, and I finally found one on the internet.
I have been trying out a new type of bread recipe and I have to say it is not as good as I expected.
Lack of salt is a big problem for many people, but it can also be a good thing.
I recently bought a bunch of Christmas cards from Amazon.
I order this and it is not What I was expecting.
Twin grandsons enjoy this toy that allows them to "talk" to each other.
Maybe I'm a bit of a dreamer, but when it comes to the amount of money I get, I don't think I can get any better.
I've been trying out some new paint for Halloween and this is what I came up with.
I have been using some of these ice cream containers for a few months now and they are starting to get damaged.
Comfortable but still pretty stiff after a few months of running.
Here’s what you’ll get if you buy a pack of crisps at the moment.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is a good device, but the battery life is a bit short.
I've been trying out a new pair of socks and I have to say they are a bit of a let-down.
The Lego Movie has been released in the UK and I have to say I am not a big fan of it.
This is what you get when you buy a dog for Christmas.
This is a good soap to use as a hand soap, but not a good bath soap.
I've been using this case for my Galaxy Note 9 for the past few days and it's been a bit of a let down.
I used this to stick crepe hair stubble to my face for a LARP character.
Was told buy 1 get 1 free when I applied for a job at a local authority in the West Midlands, only to be told it was not possible.
A number of people have been sending in complaints about the quality of the parts they have been given for their vehicles.
One of the big problems with the new LED bulbs in the UK is that they don't last very long.
The Caseology iPhone 7 Plus case is much more durable than the other two I've tried.
I bought a 3D printer from Amazon for about £100, but it didn’t work for me at first.
I've got a new set of inkjet printers.
I've been waiting for this for a while and finally got it!
I've had a pair of Acorn slippers of this style for years and years.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge has a built-in charging case that doubles up as a micro USB charging cable.
These are some of the best deals I've had in a long time, so I'm going to give them a go.
Did not come with the pen, but the ink did.
I received a box of this at Christmas, and it's disappointing to see that some of the candies have been damaged.
I've been trying out some new leggings at the moment and thought I'd give them a go.
A knife with a magnet on the end is a good idea, but if you want to use it with a knife that has no magnet, then this is not the way to go.
These are some of the masks I made for my niece and nephew for Christmas.
A friend of mine has sent me a photo of a dress she wants me to wear to work.
I have been using this gun for the first time and I have to say it is a disappointment.
I recently moved to a new apartment and have been using the same set of sheets and towels for the past two years.
These are the most comfortable flip flops I've ever worn.
Have you ever wondered what you could do with a box of lids?
Nursing is hard work, so we thought we'd give you some tips on how to make it easier.
My only complaint about this bike is that it is very difficult to get on and off.
I have been trying out a new ink pen for my shop and I have to say it's not the best.
We've got a new pair of trousers in the back of the car.
Here’s a hairbrush that I’ve been trying to work out how to use.
'I've been using this printer for a few months and it's been a bit of a mixed bag.
A look at some of the best and worst things that have happened in the world of wheelchair use.
My daughter and I have been trying out some of the new "Sweat Free" coffee mugs at our house.
Here are some tips to help you get the most out of your trampoline.
Jake Gyllenhaal's latest film, The Meyerowitz Stories, is a cliche, a hit piece about the news media, and a disgustingly inaccurate portrayal of people with autism.
They can break easy, but work hard too.
If you are looking for a backpack to take with you when you go on holiday then this could be the one for you.
There are no built-in speakers, so you may have to listen to music to hear what's going on.
Looked like they were having a bit of fun in the garden, so here's a look at some of their more unusual designs.
There are a number of problems with this light.
If you are looking for a cheap way to get your hands on some of the best chocolate chip cookies in the world, try these.
I've been using one of these for a long time, and it's been a lifesaver.
Gifted at reading, writing and maths, with a strong emphasis on maths and English.
I've been using this keyboard for a couple of years now, and I'm happy with the results.
I bought this lamp at a garage sale for about £100, and it turned out to be a waste of money.
I have been using this for a few years now and it has been a godsend.
This is what it looks like when you put it on.
This is a good book to start with if you want to get started with Pinterest.
This is one of my favourite photos of the day so far this year.
Not sure why I got it, but it's been sitting on my desk for a couple of days.
Lazer is a great gun if you just wanna have one and shoot random things.
I’m not a big fan of short clothes, so I’ve been trying to size up some new ones I got for Christmas.
I have been trying out some new headbands and have found this one to be the worst.
This is a very good recipe for a hot dog.
We have been given a new washing machine by our local council.
Check out this video of the BBC News website being interviewed by a member of the public.
I have been working on a new engine for my car for the last few days, so I thought I would take a look at some of the parts I have.
This is a really cute pair of slippers that you can put on your feet.
Too big for iPhone 8 but too tight for iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.
This is a pretty good light fixture, but it needs a bit of work to make it work properly.
I just got a new microwave and it's working great.
Great idea, but hardly slowed my boxer from wolfing all his food down quickly.
I've been using a screwdriver to install a replacement for the battery in my Nintendo Switch, and it looks like it's about to break.
I've been using this for a couple of weeks now and I have to say it's pretty good.
If you are looking for a quick and easy way to boost your immune system, try this out.
Can't wait for the next instalment in the series to start!
I've been trying to find a shirt to wear to the wedding of one of my best friends.
This is the second book in a series about a girl who can read the past.
This was my first attempt at making my own watercolours, and i have to say, it was a bit disappointing.
I have been playing with a new telescope that I bought in China a few years ago and I have to say it is pretty good.
A few weeks ago I ordered a book called Marco Polo from Amazon.
I'm not a huge fan of Apple's new iPhones, but I do like the fact that they have a built-in wi-fi hotspot.
Not for the faint-hearted, not for the squeamish, and not for anyone that has a little shake in their hand.
This is a really good set of prosthetic legs.
I just got a new charger for my phone, and it's pretty good, but there is a problem with it.
These are some of the worst turtlenecks I have ever tried.
I have just started a new book, called The Art of Reading.
A lot of people have been asking me for a pushchair, but I don’t know if I’ve ever had one.
Not what I expected from my first trip to the South American country of Argentina.
I've been using these glasses for a few months and they're not as good as I had hoped.
It's a belt, but it's not a belt.
I've been wearing a pair of trainers for a few weeks now and they're starting to show their age.
A couple of weeks ago, I got to meet my new baby niece.
Tried it as soon as it arrived and it turned out to be a bit too dark for my taste.
I’ve been testing out the latest generation of Apple’s AirPods and they’re pretty good.
Here is a picture of what I got for my birthday.
I just got my new purse from Amazon and I have to say it's not as good as I expected.
Another typical who-done-it moment from the BBC News website:
I've been using this drive for a couple of weeks now and it seems to be doing its job.
I bought wiper blades on-line from Amazon, only to find that they don't last as long as the OEM blades I bought.
A look at some of the more striking images from this year's Olympic Games in Rio.
A friend of mine has told me he's had to return an IT because of problems with it.
Not for me its not worth the money but for some people it is.
I've been trying out a new chair at work, and I have to say it's a bit disappointing.
It's been a while since I've been on a skateboard, so I thought I'd take a look at some of the best skateboarders on the planet.
I've been using these to make paper flowers for my wedding centerpieces, but they're a bit tricky to work with.
A customer has written to the BBC asking for advice on what to do with a shirt he ordered online.
A few weeks ago I bought a magnolia tree.
This is what happens when you put a glofish in a gas tank.
This is my first attempt at making a golf club, and I have to say it's a bit disappointing.
I received my Stanley ratchet a few weeks ago and I have to say I’m not a fan of it.
I’ve been trying out some of these new wall hangings and I’m loving them!
I've had a chance to test some of the new BMWs on the track, and they're a lot better than I expected.
A few years ago, I had a camera that I put on my head.
When I got my new bed, I was so excited, but it turned out to be a bit of a disappointment.
This is what you get when you buy a new pair of shoes.
One of my favourite things to do when I'm out and about is to go out and buy a new coat of paint.
I've been looking at some of the options available on Amazon and found this one in particular that I think would be a good fit for me.
I have just finished reading Kate Middleton's autobiography and I have to say I am not a big fan of it.
This is a good product, but the storage container is a bit damaged.
Tests are under way to see if this is the best way to listen to music.
I have been using this headset for a few months now and it has been a godsend.
I just got my new coffee cup maker from Amazon and I'm really happy with it.
To put it mildly, I'm not a big fan of it.
Rugged Ridge is not as good as weathertech custom floor liners, but it will do until I get a better vehicle.
This is a really good product, but the only problem with it is that it's missing a piece.
I bought this product to try out to see if it would help with peeling but it didn’t seem to do much.
Here's a look at some of the more eye-catching moments from this year's Brit Awards.
A new phone case has been released for the iPhone 7 Plus, and it's got a built-in camera.
I’ve been using this product for a couple of weeks now and it’s really good!
Tests are still under way on the latest version of the Apple Watch, but so far it seems to be performing better than its predecessor.
One of my colleagues has told me that he's had to replace his screen protectors because of the glare caused by the sun.
Here's a picture of my new vacuum cleaner.
I bought a new trash can and it doesn't work.
I’ve been trying out a new speaker system, and it’s a bit of a mixed bag.
I've been trying to get a picture of a usb tuner on my laptop, and couldn't get it to work.
I've been trying out some new clothes at work and I've had a bit of a problem with one of them.
I've got a new chair and it's really comfortable.
I've been looking through some of my old photos and came across this one of a couple of kittens.
I've just received my keys for my new home, and I'm very happy with the way they turned out.
A few days ago I had a bit of a problem with my car.
A few years ago, I bought a new fridge.
The BBC has released a full list of problems with the BBC News app, including:.
The carburettor is a good looking machine, but the box is a bit cluttered.
If you’re looking for a new dining table, here’s a good place to start.
This is the first time I have used a phone with a built-in speaker, and i have to say it is a bit disappointing.
These were the first things we tried when we went on a skiing trip in the Sahara Desert.
These are some of the cuffs I've been using to keep my calves in place when I'm walking.
I’ve been using these headphones for a while now and they’re pretty good.
I have been trying out some of the new Nikes and I have to say that they are really good!
This is a pretty good grinder for chia seeds.
Bath and Body Works Creme de la Creme is a new brand that has been launched in the UK, and it's claimed to be the first of its kind.
Bad (for consumer) design of the tube.
When I ordered a cocktail dress from Zara for $6, I was told it would be delivered in a few days.
Cute, bodice was kind of short and fabric was scratchy with no give to it.
This shirt is a medium size and is very comfortable to wear.
This is a very good product, but the only problem with it is that it will fall apart after a few uses.
A look at some of the key points you need to know if you want to get the most out of your new smartphone.
I've been using these for a few months now, and they're a bit of a let-down.
I have just bought a new Lasko fan and I have to say it is pretty good.
I've been trying out a new pair of shoes and they're a bit too small for me.
I have been wearing this dress for a few weeks now and it is starting to show its age.
Sometimes the usb port forwarding can be a bit slow, especially if you have a lot of devices running at once.
I’ve been making this hat for my daughter for a couple of years and it’s been a big hit.
This is the first time I've been able to use my phone on the internet, and it's pretty good.
A review of a Snugg case for an iPhone 8 plus.
Here are some small stones that have been found on a beach in South Africa.
Lights work fine, but esthetically look very bad on the mirror, I tried doing as much as I could to make the mirror look nice.
Did not fit for laser that was recomed.
After 3 days of using it, I can't see any difference in the quality of my sleep.
This is what the iPhone 7 Plus looks like when it's not in use.
I've been playing with a new punch from the UK-based company, Ballymena, and I've got to say that it's pretty good.
These chocolate-flavored almonds have a moderate rating from me.
It’s not as bad as I thought it would be, but I’m not a huge fan of the brush itself.
These are some of the best socks I've ever worn.
One of the more expensive handsets on the market at the time of writing.
This is what I got in my first order from Amazon!
Doesn’t have the torque or power to cut through my hedge.
If you are going to spend a lot of money building something, you need to know how to put it together.
Product works great, but it's supposed to come with three batteries.
A look at some of the things you might have missed out on if you weren't looking.
The buzzer at the end of a basketball game is usually set to go off at the start of the next play.
Have you ever wondered what would happen if you put a bunch of sticky squares together?
I've been given a new pair of trousers by a friend.
These puppets are for children under the age of five and are designed to be played with.
The BBC has released a new version of the Children's Book of the Year, which is more for adults than children.
There’s no seal on the bottom of the cover, so you don’t have to worry about it breaking if you drop it.
I've been using this case for a few days now and it's a bit of a let down.
Maybe it is my fault if I failed to notice the dimensions if they are posted, but I wanted small juice glasses.
This is a good idea, but I don't know if I would do it again.
We recently bought a 2DS for our home, and it came with a travel case.
A couple of weeks ago, I received a package in the post from a friend in the US.
Bent on one side, bent on the other.
It's a good idea to have a battery-powered charger for your phone, but I don't think I've ever used one.
I have been experimenting with a new supplement that is supposed to help me lose weight.
A selection of images from the BBC News website, courtesy of Getty Images.
I have been using a new pump since my old one broke.
Comes w different heads for different purpose, but the best part is that you can use it to clean the whole house.
This is one of the most unusual pens I have ever seen.
Take a look at our guide to learning to play the guitar.
Here are some pictures of some of the pots I have been working on for the past few weeks.
I've been working on a poster for a friend's birthday party, so I decided to make a frame for it.
I have been using these bras for a few months now and I have to say that they are not as good as I had hoped.
Not bad, not great, just not bad either.
I have just bought a 20 pk pack of biscuits and I am not happy with the quality of the biscuits.
One of the fans I used to watch the Premier League match between Liverpool and Manchester United on Saturday night has been taken out of service.
There's a group of kids in America who have been learning how to play the guitar.
Purchased this product to protect my grandson's phone, but it has not worked as well as I had hoped.
A look at some of the most eye-catching images from the 2016 Rio Olympics.
These cookies were so good I couldn’t stop eating them.
I have been using these for years and have found they are much more durable than the others I have tried.
Here's a look at some of the images I've taken with my new camera.
I've been working on a project for school and I've been using some of my old candle holders to make some new ones.
I've been given a chance to test out a new desktop computer by a member of the public, and I have to say it's pretty good.
If you’re looking for a cheap and easy way to make your bed, here’s a good one.
Great for my Ratties because they can chew on the lava rock and it helps with their teeth.
This is the result of a few weeks of hard work to get these letters to stick to the back of a door.
I am still trying to get used to the new seat in the back of my car.
If you have a toddler and you want to go for a walk but you don’t want to push them too far you might want to try this!
This Halloween costume was made by a company in the UK and was priced at £40.
I've been playing with my new iPhone 7 Plus for the first time and I have to say it's a bit disappointing.
South Park: The Fractured But Whole is a video game based on the hit animated series.
A bit too big for me, but not too small, so I'm happy with it.
This Funko Pop figurine was sent to me by mistake.
This was a very good read but way too short.
This is a nail clipper that you can use to cut your baby’s nails.
Cuts well, easy to use and easy to clean.
I received a shirt in the mail today and it has white buttons and white thread on it.
I'm trying out a new wedding band, and I'm a bit concerned about the quality of the material.
To short by an inch for a 40 gal breeder.
This is the cheapest chain saw you can get on the market at the moment.
This is a good device, but it is a shame that it does not have a built-in charger.
Loses two stars for two defective spikes that wouldn't take in the shoe, otherwise they would've received a five.
Bought as a Warehouse Deal, and one of the sheets is wrinkled and unusable.
I've been trying out some of the new tea lights that have come out in the US.
I've been making this curry for a couple of weeks now and it's pretty good.
I have been using this plunger for a few months now and I have to say it is pretty good.
I've been trying out a new phone case, and it's not quite what I expected.
Cuttlebone is a great size, two is a package but the holder is junk.
I bought a bunch of shampoo and conditioner bottles on eBay and the lids on some of them were broken.
Printer works perfect, but only if you have the right kind of ink.
These are some of the best-selling jackets in the UK, according to a review in the Sunday Times.
We've been trying out some of the new kitchen cabinets at our house.
Great clock and indoor temp reader, but not as good as I had hoped.
Wish it came with Velcro strap to secure it to the bike.
Do yourself a favour and buy the whole replacement cartridge instead.
This is a good product for cleaning and conditioning LP's.
Not so much a bird as a bird of prey.
Great idea, but it tends to roll up and you can still lose items out of it.
I’ve been trying out some of the new material that they’re making in the UK, and I’m quite happy with the results.
I have just ordered a shirt from this website and I have to say it is not as good as I expected.
When you start to sweat you can’t stay in this shaper long because it starts to itch.
This is an easy-to-use mobile phone charger with a built-in charger.
Bad texture and a bit of a chink in the eye, so you might want to keep it covered up.
This is what we came up with when we were trying to come up with the best Christmas present for our family.
This is a great idea, but I have to say it does not fit in my car.
I'm not a big fan of robots, so I'm not sure what to make of this one.
The BBC has published a guide to how to take a selfie, including how to do it in front of a mirror.
So my girlfriend and I have been trying to put together this really nice bike but it’s missing a piece on the handlebars.
I've been trying on a new pair of shorts and I have to say they're a bit too short for me.
I just got a Tesla Model S and it's a bit of a let down.
Legend of Zorro has been released in the UK.
A selection of the best children's songs from around the world, as compiled by BBC Music.
I've just received my new Â£25,000 BBC iPlayer in the post.
This is what I got when I went to the post office to pick up my postcard.
This is a pretty good hub for your Mac, but it's a bit tricky to use outside your home.
Nice and cozy, could have been a lot longer.
Cute but smelled horrible with a very strong odor.
They where not what I was expecting they were not bad tho
My son and I have been trying out a new pair of running shoes.
Was really excited to give this as a gift but the case is cracked and looks kind of cheap now.
I’ve been trying out a new hairbrush and it’s not the best.
An Amazon review of a chainsaw file kit has raised some eyebrows because it only comes with one file.
Took off all the dust and cobwebs from the ceiling in the living room.
Not good if you like to roll over in your sleep.
Didn't work well for my iPhone 7 Plus, so I tried a different method.
This velcro-wrapped swaddling cover for newborn babies is a good idea, but it's not as good as I had hoped.
Here are some tips on how to make your own rawhide dog food.
I've been trying out the new Levis in the gym, and they're pretty good.
I'm not a huge fan of these headbands.
Fireball is a very good example of the kind of car that can be built for racing.
These are some of the worst pillows we have ever slept on.
Here are some tips on how to make your own suction cups.
Purchased to use as Martial Arts pants for women that are large.
I recently tried the Maybelline Mascara and I have to say it wasn’t what I was expecting.
This is a good tool to use on the golf course.
I've been trying out some new swimwear and I've found some that I think would be great for the beach.
There is a lot of ink in this pen, and it takes a long time to fill up.
I’ve been using this phone for 6 months and it just won’t charge.
This is the first time I’ve been to the Olympic Park in Rio and I have to say it’s pretty good.
I recently bought a new crossbody bag from Lululemon.
I have been trying out some new sandals to see if they will work for me.
I bought this product because I was told it would give me more energy.
A few days ago, I downloaded a virus checker app on my computer, which I thought was a good idea.
I've been trying out a new speaker system on my phone and found it to be pretty good.
I've been trying out a new type of lens for my camera and it's not quite what I expected.
The Rugby Football Union has released a new set of scrum-halves for the 2017-18 season.
I've been using the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge for a few weeks now, and I've got to say, it's a bit of a pain to use.
Not as easy to install as the instructions lead you to believe.
I've been trying out two new tables at my house and I think they're going to be a hit.
This is the latest in a series of BBC One documentaries about the life and times of the late British singer-songwriter Bob Geldof.
It was a bit of a let-down after the success of the first one, but the second one was much better.
It works - but...it's quite rough on the card.
I've been using this service for a while and it's been a bit of a let-down.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is a pretty good smartphone, with a decent screen and a decent battery life.
How do you remove the gel polish from your nails?
This is a good film, but it is not for the faint-hearted.
My six-year-old son has been given a new bike because his old one was too big.
I purchased this product because I have crabgrass in my garden.
I liked the story and the characters the whole daddy thing was the only thing I didn't like it felt fake and forced and didn't flow with the story.
This toy is not what it looks like it says it is.
Husband and wife have been using the same face cream for the past two years.
These are some of the best coffee creams you can buy online, but I've never tried them in person.
I'm an 85-year-old man and I've been using this for years, but it's not good enough.
We bought this one because it had a built-in windscreen mount, and we thought it would be a good idea to try it out.
I have been using the Apple Watch for a couple of months now and it seems to be having some issues.
This is a very good example of how to hang a flag from the ceiling.
I received a canister of nitrous oxide in the post, and it turned out to be a bad idea.
Fred Flintstone feet are not the best thing to have in your shoe collection, so here's a look at some of the more unusual ones.
Coffee pods are a great way to get your caffeine fix without having to spend a fortune.
This is what it looks like when you use it to clean your hair.
Pain in the rear to take apart and clean.
Takes some getting used to the black cards.
This is what I got when I went to buy a corset for my birthday.
This is how it looked when I first put it on my bike.
I’ve just got this screen protector and it’s pretty good.
I’ve been trying out a new type of grommet and snap fastener and I’m having a bit of trouble with them.
One of the most popular fitness trackers on the market at the moment, the Fitbit Charge 2 has a built-in charger.
Didn't work for what I needed but hell it's been a horrible winter!
Very very disappointed because i didn't get the assorted color of beads i only got one colour which is pink.
After using the product 3 times the thread take up cover fell off and broke.
This pair of earrings are made from two pieces, one male and one female.
Used to replace the old, incandescent, 40 watt bulbs in my microwave (the stovetop surface lights, not inside the microwave).
Replacement for my old one base mount had broke.
I've been wearing these shoes for a couple of months now and I have to say, they're a bit of a challenge to wear.
Have you ever wondered what happens when you put wax melts in the microwave?
This is a pretty good shave blade, but I don't think it's as good as a feather one.
Fits a little on the small side but stretches, quality better than I thought it would be.
If you’re looking for a shirt with rainbow lines, this is the one for you.
Hard to peel with a knife, so use a serrated knife to get the best results.
This is the first time I have been able to review a book that I have never read before.
Here are the results of my latest DIY project.
Stopped working after a couple weeks of use.
I've been using the Apple Watch Series 2 for a few months now and it's a great watch, but it could be more durable.
These are some of the best firecrackers you can buy online, but we found them a bit difficult to use.
Samsung's new Galaxy Note 7 wallet has a built-in micro-USB charger, and has a quick access slot for your mobile phone.
A look at some of the more striking images from this year's Comic-Con in Las Vegas.
My dog is very anxious and barks at every little sound and anything out of place.
A bit of a pain in the armpits, but not as bad as some of the other options I've seen.
Tough they were going to be because of the reviews...
We bought a stool at a yard sale and it has been sitting in our living room ever since.
This movie is so bad that I had to watch it twice to make sure it wasn't going to get worse.
I’m not a big fan of scented products, so I wasn’t sure what to expect from this one, but it turned out to be a mixed bag.
This is a great idea, but it's not for everyone.
I bought this mat for my bathroom because I thought it would be too big for me.
This is the second book in the Nora Roberts series, and it's been a while since I read the first one.
Great for walking but not so good for driving.
I've been using this diffuser for a couple of weeks and it doesn't work as well as I hoped it would.
The BBC has been given the chance to try out the new BBC iPlayer app, which has a built-in video player and an app store.
I’ve been using paper bags to line my shredder, and they’re pretty good.
Tests have been carried out on a couple of paint tubes I bought for my car, and one of them turned out to be gray.
As part of our series of giveaways, we're looking at some of the more unusual items you might have seen around the internet.
If you're looking for a good way to measure the speed of light, this is a good place to start.
I'm not a big fan of plastic, so I was a bit surprised to find out that this is the kind of material they use for the lining of some of their products.
We have been using this for a few weeks now and it has been a bit of a let down.
I have been using this for a few months now and it has been working well for me.
Feels good in the hand but not as sharp as I would like it to be.
I wanted to like this story way more than I did.
I have been using this hat for a few months now and it is becoming a bit of a problem.
I am not a big fan of the company I work for, but I have been using them for the past two years and I am not happy.
Seems like a good idea to make your own rolling pin.
I found this vinyl putter at a charity shop for just £5 and it turned out to be the perfect gift!
I have been using this delivery service for the past two years and it has been very disappointing.
This is what it looks like when you open it up.
I’m not a big fan of red, so I was a bit disappointed when I saw this one on the internet.
The UK's tallest building, the Eiffel Tower, has been officially opened to the public.
Didn’t really prevent sand from getting all over the room, did it?
I've been using this for a few months now, and I've got to say, it's pretty good.
I have two young daughters and I had to buy some cleaning products for them because they were making a mess.
This is not the brightest light I've ever seen, but it does the job.
I've been using this headset for a few months now and I have to say it's a bit of a pain to use.
Bought for 12 month old granddaughter...cute but small and hard...
This is a quick clip strap for a horse blanket, but when I ordered it I was disappointed with the number of clips I got.
Here's a look at some of the things you might have missed out on if you were looking for a new way to light a cigarette.
We have been using the new Samsung Galaxy Note 7 tablet computer for about a week and it is proving to be pretty good.
If you want a stylish quartz watch for cheap, this is the one for you.
A small fridge with a built-in freezer.
This week's episode of The Only Way is Essex was my favourite so far.
Watch the video below to see the moment when the head of the human leg was removed from the body.
Worked great til it didn't and I had to replace it.
Penny and Bodie are two of the best characters in Staci Hart's Tonic series.
Here's a look at some of the more unusual gifts I've bought over the last few years.
I have been using this light bulb for about a year now and I have to say it is a very good light bulb.
Fitbit has released a new band for its smartwatches, and I've been using it for the first time.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo takes a look at some of the hottest stories from the African diaspora.
Fantastic for cold - decent for hot.
A washing machine that you can use to wash and dry your clothes at the same time.
Rebecca Zanetti delivers another heart pounding thriller with Taken.
I have been using these for years and they have been a huge hit with me.
I've been trying out a new playground surface for my kids to play on.
How do you know if your pH is too high or too low?
This litter box has a lid on top, which makes it easier for cats to use.
How to make your own zip-up booties.
I have been using these containers for about a year and they have been a huge help in my weight loss.
A selection of the best of the world's best-selling and most-loved stones, as compiled by BBC News.
The BBC has been given the chance to try out some of the latest technology in the world of footwear.
If you're looking for a cheap, easy-to-use hair product, here's a good one.
I've just installed the latest version of Apple's iMac operating system on my desktop computer.
I've been using this for a few months now and it's been pretty good.
This is a very well made, well-made and well-loved handbag, made in the USA by the same company as the original.
I've had a chance to test out this new printer at my house and it seems to work.
I’m one of those bakers that can make something taste great but really struggle making it look pretty.
Here's a look at some of the things you might have missed out on if you were looking for a new bike:.
Here's a look at some of the features you might want to look out for in your home or office.
This is New Weight Watchers Instant Pot Freestyle Cookbook.
Here are some tips on how to get the most out of your face scrubs.
I got a job as a social worker at a children's hospital in south-east London, and I had to apply for a grant to help with the running of the place.
Great chair, just wish the wire for the massage pad was longer.
Not as big as I thought, but still a lot bigger than I thought.
An Air Fryer Cookbook is a must-have cookbook for anyone who wants to become an air fryer master.
A few weeks ago, I got an electric massager from Amazon, and I've been using it for a few days.
This is the first time I have used this brand of powder, and I have to say it is very good!
Great looking item but the waist is too big!
I’m trying a new drug and it’s working!
I've just got back from my first trip to the South American country of South America, and I'm very happy with the way it turned out.
A Shih Tzu has been fitted with a custom-made collar and leash at a pet store in New York City.
The Church of England has announced plans to use a new type of seat-making material to improve the look and feel of its buildings.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is now available for pre-order on Amazon.
This backpack is designed to be more of a briefcase than a backpack.
I’ve been using this camera for a few days now and it’s pretty good!
This is the second book I have read this year and I couldn’t put it down.
One of the best-selling smartphones in the world today is the Apple iPhone 7 Plus with a built-in accelerometer and gyroscope.
I've had a chance to test this printer out and I have to say it's pretty darn good.
Great quality and value for money - especially if you're looking for something to wear to work.
A few weeks ago, I tried a new trick with my hair - I put a bunch of hairspray in my hair and let it dry.
Derbyshire County Council has said it will not be renewing the contract of the former chairman of the National Football League, Gary Lineker.
I've been wearing my new jacket for the first time.
They are very cute but cheaply made so I don't think they will last long in my house.
I’ve been using the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge for a few days now and I have to say it’s really easy to use.
Great value for money, especially if you want to make your own windscreen wipers.
These are some of the ideas I have been using to brighten up my living room.
A couple of weeks ago, I made a toy advent calendar that has 24 compartments and 24 small toys in them.
Just what I needed to get me through the day.
This is one of the oldest medicines in the world and it's been around for thousands of years.
A group of people have been taking part in a competition to see who can blow up the most helium balloons.
This is one of the best baby carriers I have ever used.
These are some of the parts I have been using to fix my car for the last few years.
We have been using a mobile phone for a few years now and have found it to be very useful.
A look at some of the more striking images from around the world this week:.
I've been using this glue gun for a couple of weeks now and I've got to say it's pretty good!
I've been testing a new windscreen shade at my local Honda dealership and it's pretty good.
These are some of the best yoga pants you can buy.
This is a good idea if you want to cook in the microwave but don't want your food to get all over the place.
I have been trying out a new pair of trousers from Marks & Spencer and I have to say they are pretty good.
I received a number of products from this company, and one of them was a set of "felt" dryers.
Not as sticky as I would have liked, but not as bad as I thought it would be.
I’m not a huge fan of makeup, but I’ve been trying some new products and they’re not too bad.
This is how I came up with the idea to decorate my bathroom for the autumn.
A few years ago, I bought a handbag from a charity shop.
I bought a bed for my dog, but he won’t sleep on it at night.
I've been using this sling for a few years now, and I'm happy to say it's pretty good.
This cordless phone charger has a built-in charger, so you don't have to worry about running out of power.
Great product, but still missing the standard cover with lyrics.
Nice wallet, but it sets off the metal detectors at the airport.
I found this wig online and thought it would be a good idea to try it out.
Not the best picture, but this is how I ended up with this one.
One of the best-selling iPhone XS Max cases on Amazon has been discontinued by Apple.
I've been using this hairbrush for the first time and it has been a godsend!
I have been using this product to make my grass look better.
Is it as effective as a gas trimmer?
I've been using this one for a couple of weeks now and it's working well.
In the wake of the Paris attacks, what do you think of the latest novel in the series about a group of young men who travel to Syria to carry out an attack?
Here is a picture of a geranium that I bought at a yard sale a few weeks ago.
This is a very good backpack that I have been using for the past two years.
I've been using this cushion for a couple of years now and I've found it to be pretty comfortable.
This is the first book I've read by the author of The Secret Life of Bees, and I couldn't put it down.
Not too much of a challenge, not enough of a reward.
Have you ever wondered what an amp would look like if it was made of plastic?
I have been using this mandolin for a couple of years now and I have to say it is pretty good.
I bought this container from Amazon because I liked the look of it and wanted to try it out for myself.
I've been using an anti-itch shampoo for my dog and it has been working wonders.
I have been using these seatbelts for a few months now & I have to say that they are pretty good!
Here's a look at some of the parts you can use to make your own transformers.
Here's a look at some of the things you might have missed out on if you weren't looking for them.
I've been trying to write in this journal for the last few days, but it's getting a bit difficult.
So I have been trying out some of the new products that have come out in the UK in the last few weeks.
I have just started using the Amazon Prime service, and I have to say I am very impressed with the service.
Rings for your wedding and engagement rings are too small.
I've ordered a sun shade from Amazon and it's arrived!
This is what I get when I go to the toilet and I don't have a seat.
I bought this necklace and earrings from a shop in London, and I have to say they are a bit disappointing.
Good information about the servants in the White House.
I got a pair of these shoes for Christmas, and they are so comfortable!
I've had my first chance to test the new Bose QuietComfort 7 headphones and I have to say they are pretty good.
This is a great set of seeds to try out on your own.
This is the second time I've watched It, and I have to say it was pretty good.
A selection of some of the best-selling and most-talked about books of the past year.
Works great for me, especially if I have a runny nose.
I have been trying out a new pair of earbuds and I have to say they are pretty good.
Worked right out of the box, and I haven't had any problems with it yet.
A couple of weeks ago, I bought a set of USB light strips from Amazon for my TV.
An American company has developed a time-keeping watch that can be controlled by a smartphone.
Check out our review of the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 smartphone case, which features a built-in speaker and a built in camera.
I have been using this product for my dog for nearly a year and it has made a big difference.
It’s a mazing as i need.
I've been using this hair mask for the first time and I have to say it's really good!
"A bit of a slow burn, but not too bad" is how one of my friends described this book.
I have been using this device for the past two years, and it has been a lifesaver.
Here's a look at some of the things you might have missed out on if you weren't paying attention:
A friend of mine has been having problems with his computer, so he sent me this kit to try out.
This is one of the most adorable dresses I've ever seen.
A few days ago I went to the airport to pick up my new bag from the airport.
This is a great book to read if you are interested in the history of the Democratic Party.
I've just got a new badge for my new job, and it's so cute!
These are some of the best maternity shorts I have ever bought.
Great for a studio that is in its beginner stages!
A good pair of running shoes for the price of a pair of trainers.
These are some of the more unusual items I have seen on the market in the last few months, and I am pleased to say they are still available for sale.
Surprisingly good dress for the price of £40.
I've been using this blade for a while, and it's got a bit of a problem with the spring.
I've just got my first pair of headphones.
Very sturdy and soft to hold, but not as strong as some of the other toys I've tried.
This is a great way to make your own Lego tower.
This is what I ordered from Amazon for my kitchen table, and it turned out to be a bit too big.
Bought this for my son's switch when he stays at grandma's.
Great mask, but not as good as I'd like it to be.
I'm taking a new drug to help me deal with some of the depression I've been having.
A friend of mine has been using a yoga mat for a few years and has had to replace the battery.
If you like your clothes to zip up and down, then you might want to look at these zip-up trousers from Amazon.
I bought this for my new Fire tablet because I want to be able to read a book while eating or relaxing.
These are some of the best dog biscuits I have ever seen.
A magnetic cube is a great toy for kids with ADHD or Asperger’s Syndrome.
I've been playing with this toy for the first time.
I have been using this light for a few months now and it has been a good experience.
This is the best screen protector I have ever used.
These are some of the products I've been using over the last few months and I think they're pretty good!
A good quality hand-held vacuum cleaner with a good range of functions.
Works great for the older xbox 360, but not so good for the newer xbox One.
A few weeks ago, I bought this jacket from a shop in the West Midlands, and I'm pleased to report that it is now back in stock.
My friend got me a bulbasaur for my birthday.
This is a wonderful book about the journey back to God following the death of a loved one.
I have been trying out some new pads for my knee and they are proving to be pretty good.
Exceeded expectations for the price of the shares in London, according to the London Stock Exchange.
I've been using this product for a few months now and I have to say it's not as good as I expected.
As part of our series of giveaways, we're looking at some of the more unusual products that you might not have heard of.
I've been working on a wreath for a friend's Christmas party, and I'm really happy with how it turned out.
Big girls get love too, but not as much as they used to.
A couple of friends and I have been trying out a new light system at our house.
I've been using this for a couple of years now and I have to say it is a great product.
Check out this toy that turns on and off at the same time!
I've just received my Christmas present from my mum, and I'm really pleased with it.
I'm testing a new shaving shaver and I'm really happy with the results.
I have been using this case for a few months now and it has been a lifesaver.
This is the only item of clothing I have ever owned that I have not had to replace.
This is what you get when you order something from Amazon.
If you're looking for a good soundbar, this is the one for you.
Here's a look at some of the images that have been sent in from around the world.
This is a very good tarp for camping.
Has worked on 7mm thick hunting waders with 1200 gram winter boots.
Interesting details about making wine in France, but not as much as I would have liked.
Would definitely recommend this book to anyone looking for a good book to read on the train or in the car.
I've been using a new comb for my hair for the past two years.
I've been testing the Sennheiser Momentum Wireless Earbuds for a few days now, and I've got to say, they're pretty good.
I bought this for my 8-year-old for Christmas.
The pushchair is a good choice for parents with young children.
I have bought an electric watering system for my garden from an online auction site.
If you are looking for a way to brighten up your garden, here is a good one.
After a third request to write a review of your product, I give up!
I received this coffee mug in the mail and it was pretty good.
A BBC investigation has found that the BBC iPlayer app has a number of problems, including:.
I have been using this Milk Thistle supplement for the past few months and it has been working wonders for me.
Here are some pictures of some of the things I've been doing this week:.
My wife and I have been using this plate for almost two years and it is holding up well.
I am returning one of the salt lamps I bought from Levoit because of poor quality.
This is a hammock that you have to put air into before you can use it.
I have been using this filter for the past two years and I have to say it has been a success.
A couple of my friends and I have been trying out some new clothes and I've got to say they're pretty good.
Mr. Smith puts his heart out there for everyone to see - and by so doing, shows that we all share a common bond with our children, whether they're ours by blood or simply by association.
A couple of weeks ago we ordered a coffee cup from Amazon.
Tongue-in-cheek is one of my favourite pieces of jewellery, so I had to try it out to see what it would be like.
This is a very good DVD player that fits in the palm of your hand.
If you're looking for an unusual hot mess to watch, here's one.
Belfast Zoo has just released a new version of its mascot, the polar bear.
My wife and I bought this pair of gloves for Christmas, and I've been using them ever since.
Had this wallet for a few weeks now and found it to be pretty good.
This was a really good book and I really enjoyed it.
I have just returned a pair of leggings that I bought on Amazon.
An easy-to-use app that's easy to use and easy to set up.
I have been using these for a couple of years now and I have to say that they are pretty good.
Haven't had it long enough to answer.
Watch this video to learn how to play the guitar.
This is a great product for keeping diapers, wipes and diaper rash cream in one place.
I've just installed the latest version of the Android Nougat operating system on my iPhone 7 Plus.
A great find for anyone who wants to learn more about Python.
Looking forward to the next volume in this series.
I've been using this desk for a few weeks now, and I have to say it's pretty good.
It's a bit of a shocker, but this is what happens when you break a piece of plastic in half.
Work is under way at the University of California, Berkeley, to develop a system that will allow students to use a mobile phone while sitting in a classroom.
If you are looking for a fun game to play in the office, this is the one for you.
This is the second book I have read this year and I am really looking forward to the third.
I'm not sure if this is a good or a bad thing, but I think it's a pretty good idea.
I liked the idea of the book and the way it was put together.
Here's a picture of the wire cutter I got for Christmas.
Shirt runs small, too small at the chest to button, and doesn't fit like the picture, order a size up if you'd like.
A game that makes you think, a game that teaches you to think, and a game which makes you laugh.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge are good phones.
I've been using this scale for a few weeks now, and it seems to be doing a good job.
A selection of the best boots I’ve worn in the past year:.
Do you have a problem with acid reflux?
If you want to learn more about salt block cooking, then this is the place for you.
A good quality, easy-to-use dust mask with a built-in vapor filter.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge has a lot of features, but one of the biggest is the focus correction.
Thinner than most of my friends, but not as thin as I wanted!
I bought these socks from Wiggle Toes for my baby and here are some pictures of what they look like.
This is an amazing piece of equipment that allows you to swim in the ocean.
Worked well on one door but not the other.
I've just got back from my first trip to the UK and I've got to say I'm really pleased with what I've seen.
If some of these reviewers are looking for great literature: Learn Greek.
Great for long/big back yards, slightly annoying to set up, I take it down and set it up each day.
My mum has been giving me a sleeping pill for the last few years.
Eco-fused has a range of products, including:.
Edges wear off easily when the sun hits them, so you might want to leave them on when you're not using them.
This camera case is designed to keep your camera safe while you are out and about.
This is what I put on my eyebrows when I'm feeling a bit grumpy.
Cleans up the ends of the bars nicely.
I've been using this product for the first time and it's been really good!
Has a great taste and not too much fat.
A group of dog walkers have been trying out a new breed of dog biscuits.
I'm a big fan of shrink wrap and this is a great way to use them.
This is a device that you can use to repair damaged blinds.
Inflates easily and feels quite comfortable on the wrist.
I have been trying out a new type of teapot and I have to say they are a bit of a let down.
Cheap, you get what you pay for, but fun for play.
I have been using the Apple Watch Series 2 for a few weeks now and I have to say that it is a pretty good workout machine.
The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 comes with a built-in screen protector.
Batteries in a box for under £10.
This game is fun and fun to play, so why not give it a go?
I received my doormat in the post and have been testing it out.
This is a very good set of five mini golf clubs, with a range of sizes and colours.
This is the cake I made for my mum for her birthday.
This is the second book in a series of three about a couple who fall in love and end up having a baby.
I've just returned from a trip to the seaside with my wife and son, and I'm pleased to report that we have just bought a new Â£1,000 handbag from Argos, the first of our family to do so.
Worked for us for a number of years.
This is our first attempt at using a digital camera and we have to say it was a bit disappointing.
If you enjoyed sky high, or simply love recognizing D-list canadian actors, I would give this one a go.
Check out our selection of the best new shoes for 2017.
I have just had my hair done and I am so happy with the results!
A look at some of the more unusual clothes worn by celebrities over the past few years.
Bessie Smith has revealed that she is pregnant with her first child.
I've been using this syringe for a few years now, and I've got to say, it's pretty good.
A new dinosaur doodle mat has been launched on Amazon.
I've been trying out some new washing machines at home.
I’m really looking forward to the next book in the Peridale series.
Check out the latest fashion trends from the world of fashion.
Check out this super cute jacket from the fashion brand, Alexander McQueen.
I have been using this for a few weeks now, and it is proving to be a good idea.
I've been working on my car for a couple of weeks now and have finally got it to the point where I don't have to wash it every day.
A friend of mine has been using this for a few years now and says it has been a lifesaver.
I like this IWB Kydex holster very much.
I bought this polish because it was on sale and I wanted to see if it was as good as Fir Coat or Salem.
Great for flat nipples, especially if you are breastfeeding.
The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is the latest smartphone to be launched in the UK.
A friend of mine has installed some gadgets in his house to help with the infestation of Geckos.
These are a good way to make a big batch of soup and are very easy to make.
Here are some tips for making your own butter:.
Like that is was simple and straightforward and the strategies can be implemented right away.
I have been testing a new type of earbud and it has been a great experience.
The pace of this book is like a Dan Brown book.
I've been trying out a new purse and I'm loving it!
I've been wearing these blue jeans for the past two weeks at work.
Bristol Brake have been a great customer for the past two years.
I'm happy to report that this is a very good product.
I have just received my new pushchair from my local shop.
Check out this amazing video of a man walking down the street in the middle of the night.
If you are looking for a new pair of boots, then this is the one for you!
I've just had my first set of new shoes and I'm very pleased with the quality and fit.
This is what happens when you hang a bag from a tree.
Here's a look at some of the things you might have missed out on if you were looking for a new bike:.
I've been using this for a couple of years now and it seems to be working well.
A look at some of the products that have been put on sale on Amazon in the past few weeks.
A look at some of the things we've been working on at the BBC News website.
Have some Star Trek gnomes that I'm trying out.
I love this watch band and would definitely buy it again.
This is one of the most unusual clocks I have ever seen.
I had a bit of trouble with the shield on my phone, so I had to re-apply it.
It took me 30 minutes to put together this video of my son completing a crossword puzzle.
My birthday present from my mum is a pair of black and white suede shoes.
I have been using these for a while and they are really good.
Very cute, nice quality and a good value for money.
Wish there was more pressure on me to do well.
It was cute while it lasted, but now I don't think I'll ever wear it again.
This is one of my favourite books of the year so far.
Two straps fasten the product securely to the back of the head.
This vest is pretty cool and made out of stretchy Jean material.
New ashtrays have been released for sale in the UK, and here are some of the ones we have tried.
There's a lot going on in the world of Game of Thrones this week, and I can't wait to see what happens next!
Vengeance Be Mine by Louisa Lo is an urban fantasy story about a woman who is half demon and half trickster.
This is a hand-carved antique clock from the 19th Century that has been restored and restored in the UK.
The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is a great device, but there are some things that could have been improved.
You might have seen one of these before, but what is it and how does it work?
I found this in a charity shop and thought it would be a good idea to give it a try.
I've been playing with these markers for a few days now and I have to say that they are pretty good.
My stepson and I had a great time on our trip to the Grand Canyon!
Bought this for my wife. Didn't think it was going to be as good as it turned out to be.
Easy to assemble, easy to use and easy to clean.
Here's a look at some of the best stoppage-time footage of the World Cup so far.
While I completely love this product, Amazon sent me one that was 8 months out of date.
I've been using this device for the first time and it's working well.
I bought this camera when I went on a trip to South America last year.
Madison Faye is one of my favourite authors and her latest book is no exception.
This is the best flat iron I have ever bought.
I have been using this shoe for a few months now and it has been a great help.
I have been using a new sink mat for my double sink for the past few months.
Very good case for my iPhone 7 Plus, but it is starting to show its age.
Two of my son's Lego sets have arrived in the post.
A couple of weeks ago I had an order for a camera mount for my workbench and I was very pleased with the result.
Folio is a vegan-friendly e-book case for the Kindle Fire.
I have been trying out a new pair of sunglasses that I got from Amazon, and I have to say they are pretty good.
Some of the stuff I've been making for the cat for the last few months has started to come out.
My son and daughter-in-law have given me a new pair of shoes.
Not the best quality, but it's not bad either.
I have been given a new lamp by a friend, but it has a problem.
I've been getting a new door for my house for the last few months.
I've been using a new type of toothbrush for the first time in my life.
Can I return my vacuum cleaner because it does not suction properly?
A few packets of crisps are a good idea, especially if you want to make a quick trip to the shops.
This is a great toy for kids who like to play with water or sand.
A friend of mine has been using one of these body shapers and says it's much better than some of the others she's tried.
A selection of the best photographs from around the world this year.
If you’re looking for a high-quality case for your Android smartphone, then this is the case for you.
At&T has released a new Bluetooth earbud that connects to your phone via a USB cable, and it has a built-in speaker.
I have a friend who is a mountain biker and she bought a speaker system for her bike and a remote control to control it.
A few weeks ago I bought a camera to try out to see if I could catch squirrels in my garden.
My wife and I have been trying out a new handbrake to see if it works.
These are some of the best-loved baby and toddler fashion accessories.
This is the first time I have tried a new product and I have to say it's pretty good.
Ice Cubes are one of the most popular drinks in the United States, but what do they have to do with bourbon?
I've been trying out a new pair of trousers at work.
I've been trying to build my own climbing platform for a while now, so I thought I'd give it a go.
Good book without a physical challenge, good book with a mental challenge.
Very light weight, easy to carry and easy to put away.
Plush well done but a little too small for my taste.
Like it alot, however I should of read dimensions better.
I've been working on a project for a couple of weeks, and I'm pleased to say it's turned out pretty well.
It's been a while since I wrote a story, so I thought I'd give it a go.
I recently received a paint sprayer from Amazon, and I have to say it's a pretty good product for the price.
I received this set of magnets for my birthday, and it was a great surprise!
If you want to watch a lot of TV in a short space of time, you might want to try the BBC iPlayer.
My dog has no patience with me when I ask her to do something.
These are some of the best scrunchies that you can buy online.
Mouth flosser is a good option for people who want to keep their teeth clean but don't want to spend a lot of money.
These are some of the things you can use to make your artwork look more professional, but they can be a bit messy.
I’ve been trying out a new powder applicator that’s been made by L’Oreal.
I've been wearing this one for a few weeks now and I'm loving it!
Love this detergent, hate it, love it.
I've been wearing this hoodie for a few weeks now and I've been loving it!
Sale price: Â£1.50.
I have been using this watch for a couple of years and it has been working out well.
Karen McDougal, a former aide to Donald Trump, has written a book about her time working on his presidential campaign.
Set it and forget it - that's what I've been doing with my new iPhone 7 Plus.
The Nikon D7000 is a good camera, but not the best.
I bought a dog house for my dog and it has been a success.
Great to read this book. I though it was good to have great ending too.
I received my treadmill from Amazon a few weeks ago and I’m very happy with how it turned out.
This is one of the best tents I have ever bought.
So convenient, just the base part is too heavy, less 1/3 would be good enough.
A few days ago I received an internet-connected water pump, and I've been testing it out.
Great addition to my deck, and I'm looking forward to playing with it in the future.
This is a very unusual glove - it has an air vent in the middle.
This is my first hat and I have to say I am very happy with it.
I've been using this set of dustpan and broom in my kitchen for the past few weeks, and I'm really happy with the results.
Trouble is, if you want to listen to music, you won't be able to hear a thing because of the BEEP!
I've been using this for a couple of years now and it's been a big hit with my clients.
This is the best chair for children to sit on.
I have just finished reading a book called The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, which is about a young girl who falls in love with a dragon.
Would love to give this to you, but the clock does not work.
Two of the Swell coffee mugs that I have been using have been rated four stars on Amazon.
These travel bags are a great idea if you want to carry a lot of stuff but don't want to break the bank.
This spiderman toy figurine is one of my favourite toys of all time.
I have been using these for a couple of months now and I am very happy with the way they work.
This is a really good leash for your dog!
This is a good keyboard cover, but it's a bit too thin for my taste.
The Atari Flashback is a device that allows you to play Atari games on a small tube TV.
Great bike but the wheels are plastic and need to be replaced.
It works as expected, but it is very noisy (as expected).
A lot of you have been using this planner to plan your summer holidays, but what if it came with a book band?
Here is a picture of a flower that I planted in the back garden last year.
I ordered these pants from Amazon because I wanted to see if they would fit, and they did!
A couple of weeks ago I went to a baby show in London and came home with a couple of new toys for my granddaughter.
Tests are due to take place before the end of the week, so here's a look at some of the players who could be in action on Saturday.
If you’ve ever wondered what it’s like to have your hair cut, this is a good way to find out.
This is a really good pair of gloves, especially if you are going to be wearing them all day.
A nice size bag to pack in luggage for trip to Europe.
This is a book that you will have to read to understand what is going on.
This is a great charger for my iPhone 7 Plus.
A few months ago, I bought a new bag from Amazon called the "Nurse's Bag".
In our series of photographs from around the world, we take a look at some of the things you might not expect to find in a tissue paper box.
An electric power strip that plugs into a USB port is a great idea, especially if you are travelling.
I’ve been using these snow boots for the first time and they’re really good.
I've been wearing a new perfume for the first time in my life.
I have been using this app for the past few days, and it has been very helpful in keeping me up-to-date with the latest traffic updates.
I've been using the same printer for the last five years and have been very happy with the quality of the paper.
A few weeks ago, I posted a picture of myself in the bath with a glass of orange juice in my hand.
This pair of earrings are from a shop in London, which sells jewellery from all over the world.
Watch this video to see what happens when you apply a plastic swab to the skin.
If you're looking for a cute phone case for your smartphone, then this is the one for you.
This is the second time I’ve had to return a romper because it wasn’t big enough for me.
I have been trying out a new piece of jewellery that uses magnets to attach to your necklace or earrings.
An excellent book for anyone who wants to learn to play the guitar.
This is my first attempt at making a butter dish, and it turned out pretty well.
This set of sheets and pillowcases have been delivered to my home and I have been using them for the last few days.
A few weeks ago I bought a pair of shorts from Amazon.
This is a great idea for anyone who wants to add a bit of colour to their swimming pool.
I've just had my hands on some of these and I have to say they are not as good as I had hoped.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has released a list of the top 10 foods that are bad for you.
When you buy a wedding ring, you have to put it in a special box to keep it safe in the event of a power cut.
I have been trying out some of the new styles of trousers that have come out in the UK.
A look at some of the best-selling swimwear of the past year.
A look at some of the features you might want to look out for when you're out and about.
The BBC has released a new app for the BBC iPlayer, which allows you to control your TV from your phone or tablet.
I've been using this massager for a few months now and it is starting to make a bit of a noise.
Used to penetrate 1/2" drywall with ducting either side.
Fantastic product, but the only issue we ran into was when it rained the last night of our trip.
I have been using this book to help me prepare for my GCSE exam.
Not sure why but I have been using a hair dryer on my head for the last two years.
Check out this amazing knife made by a Japanese company.
I've been experimenting with a different type of bat and found it to be much more effective than my old one.
I've been trying a new type of diet and it seems to be working!
I'm pleased to say that I've had a good experience with the latest version of Microsoft's Windows 10 operating system.
Used it as personal item to carry on plane in addition to my carry-on.
I have been given a new pair of trousers by a friend, but they are too big for me.
I've been using this clock for a few weeks now and I have to say it's not the best it's ever been.
Hard to put together, but it's nice.
The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is a great device.
I bought this set of 4 dresses for my daughter for £10.
If you want to make a dent in your car, this is a good way to do it.
Socks feel great, but how do you tell if they are good or bad?
I've been trying out some new tops and found one that fits me really well.
My son loves playing with the bubbles on the Amazon Fire 10 tablet.
These are some of the best-looking dresses I've seen on the market so far.
My son loves to feed himself so I bought these to make sure he gets enough to eat.
Very bright, long distance beam. Very top heavy and feels like it may eventually break.
I’ve been using a Samsung Galaxy Note 7 case for the past few weeks, and I’m happy to say it’s been pretty good.
These are some of the best looking laces I've ever seen, and they're only $10.
This is what happens when you buy something online and don't return it.
I found this in a charity shop and thought it would be a good addition to my bathroom.
Wish they came with a paper tube rather than the thin stick for tapping down the insides.
Installing this in my boat, for the price of bt can’t beat it.
If you're looking for a good flashlight for your bathroom, then this is the device for you.
Great, but knocked off a star because it needs locking wheels.
I've been playing with a new set of weights and decided that I'd like to make one of my own.
Here is a video of how to set up a sound system for your garden.
I've been trying out a new purse at work and I've got to say it's pretty good.
I have been using this prodcut for the past two weeks and it is working as advertised.
I've just got back from a trip to the seaside and I've got to say I'm really pleased with the quality of this one.
The Amazon Echo Show has been a lifesaver for me.
Motorola has told us we can't return our router because we didn't buy it from them.
A few days ago, I received a package in the mail that was supposed to be a pack of 10 M&M's and some Skittles.
This is the best black bean noodles I have ever eaten!
Nice it was a gift to a friend they liked it.
I have been using this laptop case for the past few weeks and I have to say it has been a lifesaver.
I bought this dress when I was pregnant with my first child.
I've been using this rice cooker for the first time and I have to say it has been very good.
This is a much better cord than the one I had when I was a child.
Like the way you feel when you go to the toilet, there are lots of ways to make your clothes fit better.
A lil too brief but I still liked it.
When you are used to a keyboard with a big hole in it, you might be surprised by the size of this one.
I’ve been using this foot balm for the past few weeks and it’s been helping to keep my feet cool in the hot weather.
The top of the handbrake is a bit bigger than the bottom, so you might have to adjust it to get it to fit your hand.
My wife and I have been using this one for a few years, and it has been a big hit with our family.
Not the best quality, but it's a good price for what you get.
After testing the battery life of the Samsung Galaxy V20, I found that it could go up to 2 days without charging with moderate use.
You have to have the right kind of grease gun.
Former England captain Paul Gascoigne has signed a new three-year contract with the National Football League club.
I've been using the eyebrow wax warmer on my eyebrows and I have to say it's pretty good.
I would like to see a device that could be used as an ice scraper.
It's been a long time since I've seen the sun come out in the UK, so it's good to see it again.
A few weeks ago I bought this necklace from a shop in London.
This is a good stand for my Iphone X, but the finish on the bottom peg is not perfect.
Might have to wash my hands a few times before I get used to the idea of using them.
I've had a chance to try out some of the new pencils from Pencil Warehouse and they're all pretty good.
Here's a look at some of the images that have been sent in to BBC News from around the world.
A lot of you have been using this to train your dog, and it seems to be working.
These are some of the best handbags I've ever owned.
Scotland's Prime Minister David Cameron says he is "very pleased" with the progress made by the country's football team in their World Cup qualifying campaign.
I have been using this product for a few months now and I have to say, it is not as good as spanx.
A few weeks ago, I received a car from a friend in the US, and I was so excited to try it out.
We have been given a new set of rain boots by a friend.
This is a wonderful book about the life of a young woman in a small town in the south of England who falls in love with a boy from the local school.
An electric bike with a built-in power supply has been unveiled at the London Marathon.
I’m a big fan of jolly ranchers, so I thought I’d give them a try.
I've just got back from a trip to the seaside and found that I've ordered a new pair of shoes from Amazon.
A couple of weeks ago I was looking for a dresser for our campervan and came across this one on eBay.
If I take the time to write a review, then you should pay for my prime membership.
I've been looking for a new pair of glasses to wear to work and I've found a pair that I think are pretty good.
These bluetooth headphones are much more convenient than any wired headphones I have ever used.
It does help that he's got a bit of a head for words and is able to explain what's going through his head.
This is a great book to read if you are a fan of the Harry Potter series.
I have been using an electric scooter for the first time, and it has been a success.
This is how I look when I wake up in the morning.
I got a new pair of gloves from my mum.
I've been taking part in a course at the University of Manchester to learn how to play the guitar.
These are a great way to keep your shampoo and conditioner in one place.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has confirmed that the world's largest blood pressure cuff, fitted to the head of President Barack Obama, is not designed for use by the public.
Lots of information that you can pull with this reader.
Plays really good music so I thought I'd share it with you.
This set of dice has been a big hit with my girlfriend, so I thought I would share.
Here's a look at some of the features you might not have known you had in your home:.
I've been using this for a few days now and it's been a bit of a let down.
I have been using this router for the past two years and it has been a godsend.
I'm so happy to say that I have received an amazing gift from my wonderful Santa!
I've been using a roku to cast from my laptop to my tv, and it's been pretty good.
I just finished watching this movie called The Haunting of Hill House.
I’m not sure if you’ve heard of this vacuum, but it’s been released in the US.
Anker's headphones are pretty good, but I've had to replace two of them because of problems.
A friend of mine is pregnant with her second child and she has been using this to help her through the first trimester.
Bought 3 items 2 for Christmas gift, my wife loves hers.
There are a lot of people in the UK who are getting diamond piercings, and I'm one of them.
I've been given a new computer to try out and I'm really happy with it!
This is what we found when we went to buy a new battery for our phone.
These are some of the results of a survey of people who have taken part in BBC Radio 4's Great British Bake Off.
I would like to know how to switch from Fahrenheit to Celsius.
My friend just got a Samsung Galaxy S9 and I got her a leather case for her phone.
I've been making my own shaving soap for a few years now.
Arrived at Heathrow Airport in the early hours of the morning.
I've been using these boots for a few months now and I have to say that they are quite comfortable to wear.
I have been using this for a few months now and it has been pretty good.
I love mermaids and I love glitter so I had to have one for my birthday.
This is the first time I've read this author's work, and I have to say it's pretty good.
Easy to set up, easy to use and easy to monitor.
I'm a big fan of cold drinks so I've been trying out some of the new cold drinks that have come out in the US.
This is a very good television set-top box that I have been using for the last few years.
Very good Spades game, by the way.
A friend of mine told me about this brace and I had to try it out.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge has been released in the UK.
This is not an exact replica of the Apple Watch, because the parts were sent to us in a different package.
This desk is a great idea for students who like to work on their laptops at home.
Liked the idea of making your own snowflakes?
My wife and I have been using this blanket for the past two months and it has been helping us to get a good night's sleep.
Cameras work very well, but doesn't have slot for card so you have to pay for cloud backup.
Here's a look at some of the best photos from around the world this week:.
I ordered this product because I wanted to make some ribbons for my Christmas tree.
This is an easy way to make your own contact lenses.
I've been using this one for a couple of years and it's been a lifesaver.
I have been using this tool for the past two years and it has been a success.
I've been using a weed eater and a weed blower for the first time, and I have to say they both work well.
I'm having a bit of a problem with my TV.
I've been trying out some new head-up displays in my car and I've got to say they're pretty good!
Here's a video of my grandson playing with a new toy that's been in the family for a while.
Used this in my entryway above the coat rail and over a bench.
Gift for my mother - a calendar with a built-in camera.
My Xbox one X Fallout 76 bundle has arrived and so far it is working like a dream.
I have been using this basket for a few months now and I have to say it has been a lifesaver.
I have been using this camera for a while now and it seems to be working fine.
I got this pineapple bread for my birthday and I have to say it wasn’t the best.
It's taken a while to get used to, but I'm pleased to report that I've finally got my new sofa.
I just got back from the gym and I am so happy with the size of the shorts I got.
A couple of weeks ago I was looking for a piece of patio furniture for our house and came across this one at a yard sale.
A friend of mine has been using my new garden hose for the first time.
I have been using this pen for a couple of weeks now and I have to say it is a pretty good pen.
A look at some of the more eye-catching moments from this week's episode of The Big Bang Theory.
Great value for money, especially if you want to take your family on holiday.
This is how it looks when the sun hits it.
I've been using a new app on my phone that tells me what vitamins I need to take.
These are some of the best knee support devices I have ever seen.
I have been trying out a new handbag at work and I have to say it is pretty good.
I've been wearing these pants for a couple of weeks now and they are holding up pretty well.
The first trailer for Blade Runner 2 has been released, and it looks like the film is going to be pretty good.
Didn't last long, but wasn't really expecting them to.
A look at some of the most eye-catching moments from this year's Fifa World Cup.
I've been testing the new Nissan Leaf for the first time, and I have to say, it's pretty good.
A new pair of pom-poms have arrived in the post.
Did not seem to work for my 1 month old with gas and tummy aches, however that may just be his development and age and not necessarily colic.
This is a product that you can use at work to create ketones and keep in Ketosis.
I have been trying to eat more healthily and it seems to be helping.
This is the first time I have tried a curry and I have to say it was pretty good.
I bought this set of Christmas decorations at a yard sale for about £10.
Not a fan of the lid, but it does keep my drinks ice cold for a long time.
A paint sprayer with a built-in guide is a great way to make your own paint.
HARD TO CLEAN SMALL HOLES IN STRAINER!
worked great for my boat and was a huge hit with my friends.
Check out our selection of the best fleece jackets from around the world.
I bought this product from a different seller because I want to make sure it works for my needs.
A good value for money, but not as good as I would have expected.
The BBC has been given the chance to try out the new BBC iPlayer app, which has been developed by BBC Radio 4's Chris Evans.
These are some of the plants I received in the post.
Check out this super cute handbag from L'Oreal.
I have been using my new TV for a few days now and I have to say it is pretty good.
This jacket is made in the USA and is made from 100% polyester.
A few weeks ago I bought a tote bag from an online shop and it turned out to be a good buy.
I've been using this breast pump for the first time and I have to say it's a bit of a let-down.
A few weeks ago, I tried out a new pair of shorts from Lululemon and they were so cute, I had to return them.
The BBC has been given the chance to test out the latest version of the BBC iPlayer, which has a built-in microphone and speaker.
I have been working on a new set of dice for a game I am playing and I have been having trouble with the paint paint on them.
I've sent an e-mail to Microsoft asking for a link to a driver for Windows 7.
Plastic piece and works of art from the collection of the National Portrait Gallery in London.
A few weeks ago, I went to Tesco to buy some batteries for my car, and found this on sale for £5.
Love it or loathe it, I'm a big fan of this one.
I've been wearing these socks for a few weeks now and I'm loving them!
I've been growing cannabis in my tent for the first time.
A look back at some of the most memorable photos from the 2016 Winter Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
I have been using this clock for a few years now and it has been working well for me.
I'm not sure what it is about e-books, but they make me want to take and shake someone.
I've been using the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge for the last few days and I've got to say it's a pretty good phone.
Fit my Revlon hair dryer well, doesn’t get too hot or too cold, and is easy to clean.
Here's a look at some of the designs we've been working on this week.
Well made and well put together, this is a very good piece of work.
I've been using this window cleaner for a few months now and I have to say it has been a godsend.
This was my first time using a weedkiller and I have to say it was a bit of a let down.
I've been trying out a new handbag at work and I'm quite happy with it.
Not bad for the price, but some of the lids give me trouble when putting them on 5.5 ounce cans.
This is a great way to help your baby walk!
The best litter scoop we've had works great and looks like it will last forever.
I just got a new pair of shorts from Zara and they are so cute!
Here's a look at some of the features you might want to look out for when you're out and about.
This is the first time I have been able to make my own incense and it has been pretty good.
This is the first time I've read a story about a woman who was raped and murdered in her own home.
Larger than expected but still worked well for this DIY project.
A few weeks ago, I ordered a charger from Amazon for my iPhone 7 Plus.
I've just got back from a trip to the seaside, so here's my review of the T-shirt:.
Take a look at our guide to the best places in the game to find the best loot.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is a pretty good phone, but it's not the best value for money.
Love it or loathe it, I like it.
I've been using my new waste collection device for the last two months, and I've been really happy with it.
These are a great product for people with mobility problems.
This is a really good way to use up some of the sugar in your diet.
I have just received my new washing machine from a friend and it has been very good.
This is a great toy for children to play with, but it does not come with a tuner.
Good story, but a bit too short for my taste.
I got a bunch of these hair bows for my daughter and she loves them.
It was just like they said it would be.
This snorkel set has been a huge hit with me since I first tried it.
I'm so happy to have found a new pair of earrings that I love!
I have been using SONY batteries for my prayer candles for the past few years and they have been the most reliable of the brands I have tried.
Here's a look at some of the things I've been working on this week:.
A new laundry hamper has been delivered to my house and I love it!
A lot of people say they don't feel anything when they take this drug, but some people say it's good for them.
I have a new ringtone for my phone and I thought I would share it with you.
I've been using a brow pencil for the first time and I'm quite happy with the results.
I've been running for a few weeks now and I've been using these headphones to listen to music while I run.
Have you ever wondered what your dog would do if you put them in a crate?
Suspend your analytic mind for a while for this thrilling, adventure.
This is the view from the top of the window of our new house.
My son and I have been testing out a new pair of trousers, and they're pretty good.
If you want to get started with a Raspberry Pi, here's how to set it up.
Here's a look at some of the photos I've taken in the last few days.
Having the Big Book in my smartphone and Kindle e-reader is really handy.
I ordered a sports bra from Amazon because I wanted something that would give me more support when I was running or doing weights.
Hot air balloons are a great way to have fun with your children.
I've been looking for some new shoes for a while now and I've found some that I think are pretty good.
An alarm that goes off if someone tries to break in to your car or home.
Everett and Sylvia is the latest in a series of romantic comedies written by British author Helen Nolan.
Did not like left stem breaking in half like a brittle pretzel, so I replaced it with a new one.
A fanny pack with two pockets for your phone and a pocket for your wallet or credit card.
I’ve been using the Apple Watch for a couple of weeks now and I’m really happy with how it’s working.
I’m a big fan of cheese, and I’ve been using a knife to cut it for years, but I don’t think it’s fast enough.
Just needed to get this out of the way.
A new washing machine has been delivered to my house in the south of England, and I'm very happy with the results.
I've been using this board for a few years now and it's been a pretty good experience.
I’m getting ready to go on a trip with some friends so I thought I’d show off my new headgear.
This is a wrap-around LED light that I've been using in my basement for a couple of years.
This is what I get when I go for a run.
Great news for those of you who like your letters to be a little bit shinier - a new design for the lettering on the front of your car.
Does the job giving support when you need it?
I have been using this dish rack in my kitchen for the past two years and I love it!
Check out this inkjet printer from Hewlett-Packard.
The BBC has released a new trailer for the new series of Downton Abbey.
This is a good book to read if you want to know what it is like to be a mountain man.
Don't know what to do with this photo, so here's a link to the original.
I liked this book because it was well written and had a good story line.
I've been using the new Nivea brush for the first time and I have to say it's pretty good.
I've had my hair cut off because it's too long and I don't want it to get any longer.
The ketogenic diet is not for the faint-hearted.
I've had this pair of spectacles for more than 30 years.
The chair is great, but the need to unscrew the foot rest to collapse the chair really takes away from the ease of use.
Luxury watchmaker Rolex has released a new band, and I've been testing it out.
The hinge on my daughter's baby gate has broken.
I've been using this bag for a few months now, and it's pretty good.
I’ve been wearing this jacket for a few days now - and I have to say it’s pretty good.
This is the first Revlon product I have tried and I have to say it is pretty good.
A Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge with a built-in screen.
Premier League champions Leicester City are in the top half of the table for the first time this season.
This is the second book I have read this year, and I can't wait to read the third one!
Here are some of the more unusual designs I've come up with in the last few years.
Former US President George W. Bush has been described as a "great man" in a BBC interview.
I've been trying out a new pair of snow shoes and they're pretty good.
A decent spare pair of sunglasses for those times you forget to bring your own.
Bought this last minute for a funeral (thank you Prime) and it came right out!
Got the non-stick plates for my waffles a couple of years ago and have been using them ever since.
This is what I wore to my son's first birthday party.
A few weeks ago, I wrote an article about a man who has been living in a small village in the Czech Republic for more than 30 years.
A look back at some of the most memorable moments in the history of the BBC News Channel.
There are a number of ways to make your hair look better, but none of them are as good as using a hair dryer.
As many of you have said, these shorts are great, but there are a couple of things you might want to look out for.
Amazons Own Pwr Blend Vanilla Ice cream is a great way to get the protein you need in your diet.
A couple of people have been complaining about the quality of the power supply on their mobile phones.
These are some of the best pillowcases I've ever bought.
Have you ever wondered what you would do if you had a bunch of junk in your house?
I've been using this for a couple of weeks now and I'm happy to report that it's working well.
I've been riding my bike for a couple of weeks now and I've been using a new light that I've found on the internet.
With the advent of the BB4, I've been testing out the latest generation of BB's and have been finding them to be pretty good.
I've been testing a new type of charging ring for my iPhone and it's pretty good.
Not one size, if yuo have a large head it is a little tight.
So weird but sooo good that I can't stop thinking about it.
This is a good phone case for the iPhone 8.
While this product has rather mild taste, I don't find it to make the product any lesser for it.
I have been using this Exfoliating Brush for the past few months and I have to say it is really good.
Very happy with this purchase and will be using it for the rest of the year.
This is a great product to try out in your bathroom.
I've been testing out a new bike mount that allows me to drive with one hand while holding the handlebars with the other.
I’ve been using this for a few weeks now and it’s a bit of a pain to use.
Great product, but not as big as I would have liked.
Nice heavy T-shirt for the price I paid!
Like the kit but the rubber holder should be a little bigger to hold the club closer to the grip.
Sometimes comes unclipped and sometimes it doesn't.
I've been given a pair of these by a friend and they're pretty cute.
The BBC has been given the chance to test out a new BBC iPlayer app for the first time, and here's what it has to say.
I'm going to use this as an opportunity to tell you what I'm up to.
I've had my hands on some of the new T-shirts that have gone on sale in the UK.
A few weeks ago I received an email from the company that makes the Ziploc bag, asking if I had any problems with it.
This is a really cute towel that you can use to dry your hair.
I've been looking at some of the designs for a robot and found this one which I think is pretty good.
I have been wearing this pair of socks for the last two weeks, and they have been a huge hit.
What do you do if you have a cold door but you want it to be warmer?
This is one of the best beds I have ever slept in.
This is a very good case for my Macbook Pro.
This is the best toy I’ve ever had!
These are some of the best shorts i have ever worn.
Meet the world's first articulated spinosaurus, a dinosaur that can move its lower jaw.
Xiaomi's Redmi 4A is one of the best Android handsets you can buy at the moment.
This is a really nice watch that I have been using for the last two years.
A new type of windscreen wipers have been developed for the Ford F-150.
This is the first time I have used an olive oil that has been made in the USA.
This puzzle has been a huge hit with my three-year-old son.
These are a great way to cook large quantities of food at the same time.
Here's a picture of a towel that I've been using for the last few weeks.
This is one of the best smelling things I have ever eaten.
The one I gave this as a gift to likes it.
I've been working on a new vise for my workbench, and I've made a new little guy to fit under the old one.
How do you clean off a bomb after it has exploded?
I've been using a Garmin smartwatch for a few months now and I've been really impressed with the quality of the tracking data it provides.
A man has come to the door of our house to say he has found a door that will not fit on our door.
Here are some ideas for making your own mop.
I've been using this soap for a couple of years now and it's been getting better and better.
I have been using this gun bag for a few months now and i have to say it is pretty good.
So I was the first person to try this one out and I have to say it is pretty good.
A few weeks ago I found this in a charity shop and thought it would be perfect for my daughter.
I have been trying out a new sports bra and I have to say it is pretty good.
A lot of people have been talking about the new album by Keith Richards, which has been released in the US.
These are some of the best garage light stands I have ever used.
I've been using this for a few months now and it's working well.
Very easy to follow cookbook, but not much variety.
We have been using this door lock for a couple of years now and we have to say it is a very good lock.
I have been using this for a couple of years now and it’s become a bit of a nuisance.
This is a dog mane that you can put on your dog's head.
I've been using an old set-top box with a built-in speaker system.
Did a great job on my neck and back.
A few days ago, I got a call from a friend who said he had found the perfect dress for me.
I've been using this product for a while, and it seems to be working well.
Not as good as the old US made files, but perfectly acceptable quality.
Check out the full interview with the BBC's Chris Evans, who has been talking about the election in the United States.
I have been playing this game for the first time and it has been a lot of fun.
Not as good as the stuff with silicone but probably one of the best I've had.
Its been a while since I posted a picture of myself, so I thought I would do it again.
This is a great way to listen to music on your phone or tablet.
I've been using this product for the past few months, and I can say that it has made a big difference in my cycle.
This is a really nice necklace, but I think it would be better if it had a bit more support.
I ordered this whip from Amazon because I was worried about the quality of the whip.
I've been using a Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge for a few weeks now and I've got to say I'm quite happy with it.
This is the first time I have tried the Ziploc bag, and I have to say it is a pretty good product.
Good curtain but 4 stars because the rings are cheap and flimsy.
If you’re in the market for a cup of tea or coffee, you might want to check out this set of six.
A look back at some of the best and worst moments from this year's Paralympic Games.
I love this game, but it kicks me out when I'm playing on a tablet.
A couple of you have been sending in your paw prints for a tote bag, and we thought we'd take a look.
I just got back from my trip to Hawaii & I'm so happy to say that I've found the perfect pair of shorts for me!
Check out our review of the Apple Watch Series 2, which has a built-in accelerometer.
I've been looking at some of the books that have been published in France in the last few years, and this is one of them.
I've been back in the UK for a few days, and have been delighted to find that I have a new car and a new set of keys.
Got in mail to-day, bought it for dogs on my walk, and went on a walk with my new stun gun, and his pit bull ran out at me.
First I received the wrong product, but the customer service was stellar and I was able to return it.
This is the second time I've had to buy a new phone because the first one broke.
I have been knitting this hat for a friend for Christmas, and I have to say it is a bit of a let down.
These are some of the best mobile phones I have ever used.
I have just finished my first book of the year and I have to say I am very happy with it.
This is the best ankle brace that I have ever owned.
I’m not a big fan of white gold, so I was a little surprised to find out that you can get white gold balls for less than $10.
So I just got this serum, I really love it mixing with my lotion of the same brand, the only thing I don’t appreciate is the bottle.
I’ve been using the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus for the past few weeks, and they’re both pretty good.
How do you know if you are in the right place at the right time?
I have been trying out a new type of coffee cup and have been very pleased with the results.
I've been using the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge for a couple of weeks now and I've got to say, it's a great device.
Here's a look at some of the designs that have caught my eye over the past few weeks.
Very pretty, but smaller than I had thought.
A couple of weeks ago I got a review unit of a new tablet computer that I think is pretty good.
My husband and I have been using these yeti inner tubes for a few years now and they are getting old.
How do you stop the dirt from getting into your tent when you are camping?
This is the second book I have read this year and I have to say it is better than the first.
Very soft, kind of cheap - but good for the price.
These are some of the most expensive hiking poles I've ever seen.
I got this set of eyeshadows from Sephora and I have to say, they are amazing!
Here's a look at some of the latest tech news.
I got this set of salt and pepper shakers from Amazon for under £10.
This is my first attempt at making a collage, and it turned out pretty well.
I've been trying out some new clothes at work and I've been really happy with the ones I've bought.
Here's a look at some of the more unusual wedding gifts I've received over the past few years.
Somewhat of a slow start but a very good read, regardless.
This is the result of a test run on my computer.
Somewhat predictable, but still an interesting read.
Here is a quick guide to some of the things you might want to try out if you want to make your own.
It’s an iPad cover that fits over the top of your iPad, so it won’t pop out when you drop it.
Had for like 2 years and it’s great but started falling apart after a good year or so.
My grandson and I have been playing in the bathtub for the past few days and we have been using these.
This is a really good mattress cover that is easy to clean and easy to store.
These are some of my new favs - they're from L'Oreal and they're made from the same material as my favourite fabric - satin.
How do you know if you've got the right kind of toilet paper?
I'm not sure what to make of this year's engagement calendar.
Very nice looks on the woman in the red dress and the man in the blue suit.
If you are looking for a skirt to wear to a wedding, here is a good place to start.
This is a really good vitamin that you can take without food or drink.
This is the first book that I have read by David Moore, and I have to say that it was pretty good.
My daughter asked me to send her a book to read to her so she could write her own ending.
It works really good and it's a good idea to try it out.
I've been trying out a new brand of baby wash and I'm really liking it.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is a pretty good device for the money.
This is a good product, but the design of the device made it impossible to use.
I have been using this product for the past 5 days and it seems to work to an extent.
A friend of mine who loves corn on the cob sent me this great product to try out.
My son and I have been using this for a few weeks now and it has been a huge help.
I've been using this one for a few months now, and I have to say, it's pretty good.
Here's a look at some of the things you might have missed out on if you were looking for a wallet.
A few weeks ago, I bought a new exercise mat.
It looks good, but not really to assemble.
This is a great way to brighten up your car, especially if you are driving at night.
Avid fan, was please with my purchase.
I have been using these for a few weeks now and they have been a huge hit with me.
This is a cane that you can use with the help of your hands.
Great price just because of the colour and the fact you can get it in a variety of different sizes and finishes.
This is a battery case that can be used to charge your phone while you are using it.
great to neat'n up computer desks, and a great way to make your desk look even better.
I’ve been playing with this app on my phone for the past few days and I’m really happy with how it’s working.
Good book, I enjoyed reading it, but I don't know if I would do it again.
I have been using this for a while and found it to be a good fit for my home.
Samsung's latest flagship smartphone, the LG G8, comes with a "compatible" case, but it's not quite what you'd expect.
I've been making this one for a while and it's turning out pretty well.
I have been wearing these for a few days and they are pretty good for walking along the riverbanks.
Check out our selection of the best new shoes for 2017.
This is one of the best films I've seen this year.
Thin polyester printed exactly as it looks in this pic!
Not as pictured as far as flavors or colors are concerned.
I just got back from a trip to New York and I got a new dress!
This is a very cute and easy to wear handbag for children.
I have been using a Gates tablet computer for the past two years and have been very happy with the results.
A friend of mine has sent me a sample of a new handbag they have made for me.
Very comfortable, would recommend to anyone looking for a good night's sleep.
If you want to know what to do with your phone, then this is a good place to start.
A very well thought out item for the money.
These are some of the stickers that I made for my school's science day last week.
I've been looking for a team bandana for my rugby team, and I found one on ebay for £5.
A new product has come out that claims to make puppy pimples go away.
I’ve been wearing this shirt for the last couple of days and it’s really comfortable.
I've been using a cheap digital camera for a few months now, and I've been really happy with the results.
Good keyboard for the money, no problems with it.
I've been using my new alarm clock for a couple of months and I have to say it's pretty good.
This book is a great book for kids to read, because it's full of funny jokes.
A few weeks ago, I tried out a new screen protector that said it would protect my smartphone from scratches and fingerprints.
This is a very good exhaust system, but it does require a bit of work to install.
This is a very good low carb shake that I have been using for the past few years.
Great battery life, easy to clean and easy to charge.
It's been a while since I have been in love with a book and this one is no exception.
It is thought to be the first case of its kind in the UK.
I've been using the BLTouch 3D printer app on my Maker Select V2 for the past few days and it's been a success.
For the price you get, you get the best of both worlds.
This is a really good product and I would recommend it to anyone.
A friend of mine sent me this to try and see if it would work for me.
I have been using this for a few years now and it has been a success.
A few days ago I ordered a bag from Amazon and it arrived dirty!
Bought for a gift! Hoping my daughter in law likes.
Very happy with this week's results at the BBC Sports Personality of the Year awards.
It's a good thing I ordered some of this because some of the ones I got were a bit flimsy.
A look at some of my favourite outfits from the last few weeks:.
I got this from my mum for her birthday, it's a little wooden box with a wooden heart on it.
This is the first time I have read a book where the main character is a mind reader.
A perfect find for your washing machine or dryer.
If you are looking for a kettle for your kitchen, this is the one for you.
Check out our selection of the best maternity clothes for women and children.
A very well-made and well-designed handbag with a very good fit and finish.
I bought this espresso set for my boss as a gift and it came in very nice and sturdy package.
A friend of mine has found a way to check if the brake fluid in your car is safe to drive.
I love that the street lights on the side of the road are bright, but I don't want people to see me and wonder "what is that?"
It's a small, easy-to-use tablet computer with a built-in battery.
I've been using a hair dryer for a few weeks now, and I've been really happy with the results.
This is a greeting card that has been designed to be used as a postcard.
Here's a look at some of the cards we've been playing this week:.
Here's a look at some of the latest tech news from around the world:.
Good book that takes you back to original movie of the same name.
Smells good on its own, but after a couple of sips it starts to get a little soggy.
Here's a look at some of the designs that have been submitted for this year's BBC Children in Need competition.
Dry mouth can be a big problem for people over the age of 90, so here are some products to help!
This is a dress that I have been wearing for the last two weeks and I love it!
I've been looking at some of the options for dog collars on the internet and came across this one that I think is pretty good.
I've been using a new pair of glasses for a few months now and they're pretty good.
This is the first time I have tried these tanks and I have to say they are pretty good.
Good service, good service, very good service.
Bought 4 sacks, 3 different brands, one cheaper than the others.
Did the job, got the job done, now I just have to find a way to get the cable back to the house.
Does not fit as flattering as I thought it would but its and okay product
My friend and I have been using this for a couple of years and it has been a lifesaver.
I have been using this mascara for the first time and I have to say it is pretty good.
I have been trying out a new wig and I have to say it's pretty good.
I have been using these shoes for a couple of years now and I have to say they are very comfortable.
If you want to mount your TV to your wall, here is an easy way to do it.
This is the second book in a series by the same author as the first book (Ancient Origins).
I have been using an ultrasonic device to get rid of mice and other creepy crawlies in my home.
Very nice, well made and a very good value for money.
I have been given some of the new fragrance range by a friend, so I have been trying them out.
This is one of the best teacakes I’ve ever had and it’s only £2.50.
Cricket in India is one of those films that you have to see to understand what it is all about.
I just got my first pair of flats from Amazon and I have to say they are pretty good.
This is a really good pokeball case that comes with a charging stand.
I've been using a memory foam seat cushion for a few months now, and I have to say, it's pretty good.
This is an excellent book on how to become a better chef.
This is a great book about the life of Patsy Hill.
This is the first time I have tried a new bike and I have to say it is pretty good.
I've been using this concealer for the first time and I have to say it's pretty good.
Hewlett-Packard has just launched a new printer that's designed to work with its existing inkjet technology.
Just put it together and you get a pretty good idea of what it would look like.
This is the best flashlight I've ever owned.
Miss Prim and Proper is the latest in a series of Cajun short stories written by a woman from the US state of Louisiana.
We have been given the chance to test out these snorkel masks in the Maldives and they have been very good.
This was a really good book and I really enjoyed it.
This is a pretty good product for the price, and it's easy to use.
Too many dark things around what could have been a beautiful wedding.
I've been using this one for a couple of months now and it's been working great.
Loved it, bought it, brought it home and put it in our fish tank.
I've been using these for a few months now and I've got to say that they're pretty good.
My dog and I have been using this bag for a couple of months and it has been a lifesaver.
I've been looking at some of the different types of throwing knives and found some that I think are good for beginners.
These gluten-free, low carb pasta recipes have been tested by BBC Radio 4's Today programme.
The story of Swain and his friend Jones, who live on a boat in Hong Kong, is a very well-written book.
Fantastic product to use for sunburn.
This is the shirt I'm going to wear while I'm pregnant.
Apple has released a new Macbook case and it is pretty cute.
These are some of the best magnets I have ever used.
This is a great pad for your dog to sleep on at night.
I have been using these for a couple of weeks now and I have to say they are very durable and easy to work with.
Product details are subject to change at any time.
This is the first in a series of three books about a young girl who falls in love with a young boy.
This is one of the best racehorses I have seen in a long time.
I have been using this wallet for a month now and it is starting to show its age.
This is the first pair of shoes I've tried and I have to say they're pretty good.
Chris Pratt made a cameo appearance in the new Star Wars: The Force Awakens trailer.
Hanes have just released a new range of briefs that are designed to last longer than their existing models.
Here's a look at some of the things you might have missed out on if you weren't paying attention:.
I've been playing with this pole for a few weeks now and I've got to say it's a pretty good one.
I've just got a new one-piece swimsuit, and it's pretty good.
The US Postal Service (USPS) has sent me a telescope, but I don't know how to use it, so I'm sending it back.
Product details are subject to change at any time.
A friend of mine sent me this speaker system and I have to say it's pretty good.
This is the first time I’ve been able to raise a cup of tea in the microwave.
This is a great product but I would not recommend it to anyone.
I have just got a new case for my iPhone 7 Plus and it is pretty good.
I've just got back from a trip to the seaside and bought a new set of strings for my guitar.
This is a really neat invention that you can use to make your own toilet paper.
This is a shirt that I made for myself.
A few days ago, I received a mint-smelling phone case for my iPhone 7 Plus.
A new set of seat covers for the Honda Accord Sport have been rated 4.5 out of 5.
This clip in hair clip-in was a huge hit with my daughter!
This is what happens when you invite a friend over to your house for a party and they don't turn up.
Here's a quick look at some of the things you might want to look out for when you're out and about.
I’m a big fan of pet brushes and this one is no exception!
I enjoyed this book more than the others in the series.
A selection of the best scissors and shears available on the market at the moment.
This mic and light set has been a lifesaver for my son and I.
If you're looking for a cheap, easy-to-use charger for your smartphone or tablet, then this is the one for you.
My granddaughter loves bath bombs so I thought I would give them a try.
All I have to do is pick up a piece of paper and the dogs know what to do.
This is a pretty decent dvd shelf that you can mount to the wall with a screwdriver or hammer.
I've been using this bag for a couple of months and I love it!
I have just got my new phone and I have been using this one for a while and it has been really good for me.
A selection of photographs from this year's Glastonbury Festival.
I've been given a gecko hide by a friend, and I've been trying it out...
This is how you get to the top of the world's tallest building, the Eiffel Tower.
I have been using this sleeping pad for the past two years and it has been very comfortable.
I'm not sure if I've ever seen anything quite like it, but here are some of the things I've seen on the BBC News Channel:.
Omg this book was a page turner that I just couldn't stop reading until the end.
This is one of the most versatile ties I have ever owned.
A man has died after falling into a pool of freezing water at a hotel in the US state of Florida.
This is a remote-controlled car that my daughter and I got for Christmas.
This is a really cute pair of shorts that you can wear to work.
Deliverable, easy to use, good quality and good value for money.
One of the best things about this keyboard is that you can change the colors of the keys at any time.
Went to the gym this morning and got a good workout in.
A couple of weeks ago, a friend and I decided to try out a new product that we'd been hearing about.
This is a mini speaker that you can use to play music on your phone.
This book is an excellent introduction to the history of the United States.
I have been using this bed frame for a number of years and have always found it to be very comfortable.
I bought two of these for my grand babies.
I bought this for my nieces first birthday and my daughters 2nd birthday.
This is a great grinder for making ground meat.
Here are some DIY bags that you can use to store your bedding.
Works like a dream, and I hope it stays that way for many years to come.
This is what I got for my boyfriend for his birthday.
Lashes are one of my favourite things to wear and I've been trying to find the right one for me.
I have been using this product for the past two years and it has been very good for me.
This is a very good product and has been well received by me.
So cute & easy to put together - here's how to make your own.
I'm using this File Folder in my office at home, I like the different colors and that it has 12 pockets.
Wales' biggest online retailer, Argos, is offering a discount of up to 50% on some of its best-sellers.
Here's a look at some of the best photos from this year's Great British Bake Off.
This is a great app that lets you control your smartwatch from anywhere in the world.
I’ve been using this app for the past two years, and it’s been a huge success.
A look at some of the best new recipes from the world of food.
This is a really good bag, I've been using it at work for the past few days and I'm really happy with it!
These are some of the best looking watches I have ever owned.
Cute and comfortable compression socks for the calves.
Like the iPhone 7 Plus, but with a bigger screen and a bigger battery.
Here is a list of the best bands for the Apple Watch.
I've been using this desk lamp for a few months now and I'm really happy with how it has turned out.
This is the best water I have ever had.
I've been using this charger for my phone for the past two years and it's been a lifesaver.
Here's what you need to know about the US Supreme Court's decision to uphold the Affordable Care Act.
A few days ago, I hosted a dinner party at my house and one of the guests gave me this keychain.
I like this toothpaste a lot, so I thought I'd share it with you.
Check out our selection of the best bargains at Amazon.com.
Very Nice and large bag exactly what we need to store our christmas tree in.
This is an elephant coin purse that has been designed and made by a woman in the UK.
These cup holders are great for camping, especially if you have broken the original ones.
I've been using these for a few years now and they've become a bit of a favourite.
Made a high difference on my metal table when I put it back together.
These are the best colored pencils that I have ever bought.
11 and 13 are some of my favorite movies.
I've been making pom poms for a friend for Christmas and decided to try my hand at making my own.
I have been using this glass nail file for the past few weeks, and I have to say it has been a lifesaver!
I've been using a wireless charger for my iPhone 11 for the past couple of weeks and I'm happy with the results.
I am the first person to review this backpack on Amazon, and I have to say I am very happy with how it has turned out.
I have just received my new camera and it has been a pleasure to use.
Have a look at this pretty dress I made for my mum.
I have been using this for a couple of months now and it has been working great!
This is a great product to have on your roof in the event of a fire.
Great product, very happy with how it has turned out.
Love the ability to make this deeper as needed.
A couple of weeks ago we bought a set of rackets from Amazon for about £20.
This is what I got when I was looking for a new light for my garden.
By partner loves them..... he said it was like he had gone back in time to when he was a child and was playing with them.
Charged my iPhone XS and series 3 watch without issues, even when charging both devices at the same time.
When my husband and I were looking for a wedding dress, we went to a shop in London and bought this one.
Dozens of people have been killed in a landslide in California in the US.
A friend of mine has given me a new pair of shorts and I'm really happy with them.
Great, just as you would expect it to be.
This is the best bag I have ever bought, and it's only $23!
This is an easy-to-read calendar that fits in the palm of your hand.
Have you ever wondered what you would do if you spilled something?
A few weeks ago, I bought a pack of digestive tablets from Amazon for £5.
This is one of my favourite dresses of all time.
This is the first time I’ve been able to get a good grip on this one.
Gorgeous and textured, just the way you would expect it to be.
I’m a big fan of protein shakes, and this one from Vega is one of my favourites.
Check out this amazing air freshener that's made in the USA!
Exactly what i needed to hear to get me through the next few days.
I like the Pine smell because I like the woods and the Pine reminds me of the woods.
I've been using this comb for a couple of years now, and I've got to say it's pretty good.
These are some of the best headphones that you can buy for under $100.
One of the world's most successful knee-replacement drugs has been described as "the most powerful drug in the world".
Here's a look at some of the more unusual designs I've come across in the last few weeks.
My new EDC, the world's most powerful speaker, has gone on sale in the UK.
This is a good option for those who like their shoes to be a bit longer than they need to be.
I've been using this device for a few weeks now and it has been a godsend.
I have been using an anti-freeze cream for the first time, and it has made a big difference.
How do you make your own steamer to cook your vegetables?
This is a great idea for when you have a baby who wakes up in the middle of the night.
Here's a look back at some of the photos I've taken over the past few days.
How do you help yourself to a good night's sleep?
These are some of the best earbuds you've never heard of.
Worked great with my Spectra S1 and the suction was much better than with my old parts.
A lockdown box for syringes and medications has been delivered to my house.
This is a great camera that fits in your pocket and takes great pictures.
Cute, easy to use and easy to clean.
Deliveries are subject to change, so please check with your local post office before ordering.
A friend of mine sent me an electric scooter for Christmas.
Ankle brace with ice packs in the pockets.
Worked for me for a long time, and it's been a big help.
I'm so happy to have found this wallet on ebay!
These are some of the best diving gloves I've ever used.
This is a good idea for any car that needs a rain filter.
They are there to help if you need them, but they are also there if you want to talk to them.
I received these earrings in the mail, and they are absolutely gorgeous!
For the price this is the best paper to paint on.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge has a built-in microSD card slot, which allows it to store up to 4TB of data.
This is the best sleep mask I have ever used.
These are some of my favourite photographs from my childhood.
If you are looking for some extension bit for your screwdriver, check this out.
Worked well for the money, said the man who gave me the job.
A couple of weeks ago I received a delivery from a friend who had made me an electric skateboard for my garden.
Got this for my daughter as a birthday present.
Look at these super-soft, super-crisp and super-easy-to-wear dresses from L'Oreal.
Melaleuca is one of my favourite plants and I have been using them for years.
I've been trying out some new keys at work and this is what I came up with.
Great seller and customer service from the UK's largest online retailer, Amazon.
Here are some of the more unusual lampshades I've found over the past few years.
Look at this video of a man wearing a woolly hat and a woollen coat in a village in the Scottish Highlands.
This is what you get when you buy a car from a car dealer.
Had a huge impact on my hip and lower back pain as well as improved sleeping.
This is the blouse I have been wearing for the last two weeks.
I have been using this product for the first time and it has been working wonders.
I’m a big fan of Adobe’s anti-virus software, but I’ve found a way to make it work on my laptop too.
Here is a quick and easy way to get your dog's nails trimmed.
The Apple Watch Series 2 is now available in the UK, and we've been using it for the first time.
A selection of some of the best animated short films of the past 50 years.
Comfortable panties are a must-have for any woman, but what do you do if you don't like the feel of them?
These are some of the best cushions I have ever owned.
A great deal of work, but the end result was worth the effort.
This is a book I have been waiting to read for a long time.
This is a really cool gadget that I got for my birthday.
This is a lovely bracelet made from some of the best beads I have ever seen.
"I have been using this device for the past two years and it has been very useful.
I have just installed a new LED light in my hallway and it has been a great experience.
I've been using an Apple cable for a while and I love it!
It is one of the best-selling mobile phones in the world, and has been named the world's best-loved smartphone.
This is the kettle that i have been using for a long time, and it's really good!
I’ve just finished reading a book called The Big Lebowski, which is about a group of British rugby players who travel to Australia to compete in the Rugby World Cup.
Watch this video to see how breathing through your nose can improve the quality of your breath.
This is the first original comic/music band to be released in the UK.
Here's a look at some of the latest designs for children's clothing.
This is the best brand of sugar I have ever eaten.
This book has helped me go salt free for the first time in my life.
Here's a look at some of the more unusual designs that have gone on show this year.
This is what happens when you give a baby a toy that they don't want to play with.
This is a great idea if you want to take your lunch to work with you, but don't want to break the bank.
These swaddling blankets are my daughters favourite lightweight and versatile can use as a burp cloth if needed
I have been using these for a long time and they have been a huge hit with my son.
Works great for my Smoke Hollow and I've been using it for a couple of years now.
I got an extra charger for my iPhone 7 and 7 Plus because I didn’t want to spend the money on a regular one.
These are the best flip flops for my daughter.
This is one of the best gifts I've ever received.
Really nice covers for all the books I've read in the last few years.
This make up brush set is a must have for any make up artist.
Great items, exactly what I expected from a new game, and a lot of fun to play.
These are some of the best chew toys for dogs.
In just 3 weeks my teeth are going to look so much better!
Great British Bake Off winner Helen Mirren has announced she will not be taking part in this year's competition.
Check out our review of the B&Q Cushion, which is a laptop case with an extra pocket for a pen.
This bed frame has been a huge hit with our family and we would definitely recommend it to anyone.
This is a great set of baseball training balls that are durable enough to be used with a baseball bat.
Very pleased with the quality and quality of the components I received for my car.
Got 4 of each in the post, so here's a round-up of the best ones.
This is a great way to celebrate Valentine's Day!
Here's a look at some of the more interesting designs that have gone on show this year.
My son and I have been using this jacket for many years and it has been a lifesaver.
I use this heat tape every day with my business.
Alright people! This lotion does not stink!
Bought them for my daughter and she loves them!
I've been using this site for a while now and I've got to say it's the best deal i've seen.
Here's a DIY project I've been working on for a while.
I have been trying to curl my dreads for a while and I have found a new way to do it - using curlers!
These are some of the best cups I have ever used.
I’m a huge fan of Gelish nail polish and this set is no exception.
I've been using this to clean my children's ears for the first time.
I have been using this for the last two years, and it has been a very pleasant surprise to find that it has a built-in camera.
These are some of the best light bulbs I've ever bought.
Here's a look at some of the things I've been wearing this week:.
The FTSE 100 share price index has risen by more than 5% in the past week, to close at 7,865 points.
This is the best product i have ever purchased.
I've been using a magic mouse for a few years now, and I've got to say I'm really happy with the way it feels in my hands.
I’ve been playing with my new walkie-talkie for the first time and it’s proving to be pretty handy.
I've been using this concealer for the first time and I'm loving it!
Have you ever wondered what your husband's gums look like?
A quick and easy way to get rid of wrinkles by using an electric iron.
These are some of the chocolates I got for my birthday.
Do you know if your washing machine has an anti-freeze feature that turns it off and on?
I've been using a solar panel on my roof for the past six months, and it's working great!
I've been using this to keep my food cold and it's worked wonders.
I've been wearing a hand cream for the last few days to help reduce the number of white spots on my hands.
This is the only brand of cat food I've found that I can pronounce!
A look at some of the more unusual Christmas gifts you may have seen this year:.
This is one of my favourite books of all time.
The Hunger Games series is one of those books that you just can't put down.
This is the first book I have read in a long time, and I have to say, it was well worth the wait.
I received some rooster plates in the post and they turned out to be some of the best I've ever had.
I've been using this product for a few months now and it has been helping with my dry eye syndrome and my sinuses.
I recently bought a set of E.L.F makeup brushes for about $10, and they turned out to be pretty good.
My kids use this and it works as promised!
I've been trying out some of the new crisps that have been released in the UK and they're pretty good.
If you’re looking for something to read this weekend, here’s your chance.
Will buying a new TV make you a better gamer or a worse one?
We received a large quantity of rocks in the post, which we used to build our house and garden.
Loved colours and feel of them so much I decided to make my own.
I have been using these products for a long time and they have been a huge hit with my family and friends.
Well made, well thought out and well put together.
This is a great idea for anyone who wants to make their own stand.
These are some of the best looking glasses I have ever seen!
These are some of my favourite pairs of slippers, so I thought I would share them with you.
Take that strict managers that go beyond the dress policy.
This is a great product for your car, especially if you have a sunroof.
Third time's the charm, so I'm going to give it a go again.
This is the best case I have ever used for my iPhone 7 Plus.
I've just got back from a trip to the seaside, and I'm loving it!
Worked great had lots of overspray and now all gone.
A cup holder that holds a drink in one hand and a cup in the other.
One of my new faves is KIND chocolate bars.
Great value and sound, makes my old Land Cruiser sound great!!
This is a great product for those who have oily skin.
Very stylish and great quality product from a very well known brand.
I love a good chamomile tea and this is one of my favourites.
Murray Mints are a brand of mint that have been around for more than 50 years.
Love frogger, love frogger and more Love frogger.
This is a great book to read to young children.
This is a great set of mats for the basement and bedroom.
Building tables out of 2x4s has been a hobby of mine for many years.
A light that works on both sides of the book.
My grandchild and I have been using this for a couple of weeks and it has been a success.
This is a great idea for anyone who likes their remotes to be easy to access.
This is a really good idea, I've been using one for a while and it's been helping me a lot.
A new car seat for babies has been launched and it’s got a lot to offer!
Healthy Packers are a great product for keeping your food and drink cold and healthy.
Bought the whole line for £25 at Primark.
A friend of mine has a couple of solar panels on his roof and they work great.
Here's a picture of my new garden gate.
Former French President Francois Mitterrand has told the BBC that he will not resign from the European Parliament, despite calls for him to.
How do you use a cast-iron skillet when you don't have one?
Not much to say about the device itself, apart from the fact that it does not have a built-in battery.
I've ordered a new pair of headphones from Amazon and I'm very happy with the result.
I have been using this handbag for the past two weeks and it has been a huge hit with me.
These are the best pumps I have ever used.
A couple of weeks ago I started using a weight loss programme called Lose It, and it seems to be helping.
Here's a look at some of the things you might not have known about the iPhone:.
Here is a video of a softball game that was shown on the BBC Sport website.
This is one of the most retweeted posts of the year so far.
Seems to thicken thinning hair, doesn't it?
So far I've had a good night's sleep and a good start to the day, so I'm looking forward to seeing how the day unfolds.
Came as ordered - everything is in the oven and ready to go.
Good product just what I needed to store paper towels.
I've been trying out a new pair of socks and they have been a huge hit!
Here are some of the best cakes to make this Christmas.
Used this for my baby shower, loved it.
We bought a new mattress from Ikea for £100, and it has been a godsend.
Except that I always want more, Annie Lamott.
I bought these earrings from Amazon because I love the purple pearl on them and I wanted to try them out.
How do you use this to package your cookies?
This is a tree that you can make yourself in a couple of hours.
This is one of my all time favourite songs.
Very nice stand to keep your plants safe from cats.
Coffee with a splash of lemon juice is a good way to start the day, and a great way to end the week.
This is an easy to install part for a self propelled Toro.
Crow is one of the best characters in the Sierra series.
Luxury handbag brand LV has released a new organizer that fits perfectly into my bag.
These are a good pair of trousers to wear with your work clothes.
I have been using this product for a long time and it has helped me a lot.
These are some of the best cables I've ever bought, and they're so easy to use!
So this is what it's like to be a dog.
I have been using this product for a long time and it has been a lifesaver!
A look at some of the more striking images from around the world this week.
I've been using this camera for a year now and it's been a lifesaver.
This wreath is so easy to make, and so pretty!
This is the best battery charger I have ever used.
My great niece loves this book, so I thought I would share it with you.
This is one of my favourite dresses, and I have been wearing it to work all day.
This backpack is designed to look like a civilian/school pack.
An excellent product for a very good price, and a good product to use.
A new wireless charger for the car has been unveiled at the Consumer Electronics Show in London.
I have been making hangers for my Christmas decorations.
This is a wonderful book about the rescue of a dog from a sinking ship in the Indian Ocean.
This is the best keto restaurant in the UK.
How to choose the right shade of lipstick for your face.
Very good kit for me to trim my nails.
It's been a long time since I read a book, but I've finally got round to it and I can't recommend it enough.
A selection of some of the best photographs from around the world this year.
A few years ago I bought my first computer and have been using it ever since.
I have been drinking orange juice from a can for the first time, and it’s really good!
I've been using this for a few years now, and it's been a real pleasure to use.
The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 comes with a special case that allows you to keep your phone in your pocket, even when you are away from home.
This is a great toy for children to help you around the house.
Cute shirt fit as expected, doesn't feel like a cheap shirt.
Check out our review of the new Samsung Galaxy Note 7, the world's most powerful smartphone.
I have been using this Universal Wireless Selfie Camera on my Samsung Galaxy S8 for the past few months.
Nala Love's her flip stick it is a great interactive toy.
How do you make your own pom-poms?
This is the moment I thought I was going to have a heart attack.
A look back at some of the most memorable moments from the life of Princess Leia, who died at the age of three.
This app is so cute I love it so much!
I used this product to help me with rehab for my torn ACL!
I've been using this to keep my skin cool when I'm out and about.
I've been looking for some skulls to put on my jewellery and this is what I came up with.
Shipped to my house within a few days after I ordered it.
I've been given a box of Sees Candy by a friend, and I've been trying to think of what to put in it.
I have been using this non-tickling clock for a few months now and I have to say that it is a very good clock.
This is my son's new favourite toy, it's called the "Little Red Riding Hood".
Look at this amazing handbag, made from 100% recycled plastic!
My sister in law is due to give birth to her first child, a girl, so we thought it would be a good idea to decorate the house for her!
I have been using this desk for a couple of weeks now and it is working great!
Gifted is the word that comes to mind when you think of children with special needs.
I have ordered some HP inkjet printers from Amazon and they have been a big hit!
Here's a look at some of the more unusual outfits I've worn over the years.
This is one of the most amazing things I have ever seen.
The BBC has paid a visit to Grandpa bill's home to see how he's coping with the death of his great-grandmother.
I have been using these for a long time and they have been a huge help to me.
This is the second time I have bought one of these.
Worked better than the original so I'm going to change it up a bit.
A Northface jacket has been a lifesaver for me.
I have been using this product for my hair for the first time and it has been a huge success!
These are some of the best straps I’ve ever used for my bike.
This is a soft football that you can play with your children.
Lemon ice is a fun way to make your own lemonade.
I have been using a brand of vitamins that I have found to be very good for me.
Hands down my favorite no show socks of the year!
Adorable little oven, cute songs, all food and extras fit in oven.
I've got a new armband which I'm really happy with.
I'm not a huge fan of Apple's app store, but I've been using it for a while and it seems to be working well.
A quality dual wall heat shrink that shrinks up great, and makes a tight bond.
A lot of people have been talking about this film on social media, so I thought I'd give it a go myself.
A friend of mine gave me a hand-held camera with a built-in microphone and told me to use it.
I have been using a new face cream that I got at a beauty shop and I love it.
This is a really cute set of plastic straws that you can use to make your own tea or coffee.
I have been using this product for the past one month and it has helped me to reduce my headaches.
This is the second book in the Monk series and it's a good one.
Love this face cream by L'Oreal.
My fiancé and I both love the banded glory ring, it is so comfortable to wear.
Great customer service and a great deal for a great price.
I bought a dicer a few weeks ago and I have been using it to make salsa.
This is the best thing you've ever microwaved.
This is what I got for my birthday - an electric toothbrush and toothpaste dispenser.
Customer service was outstanding when it came to my new dining table.
Coffee is good for you, but how about a cup of chocolate milk?
Here are some of my favourite summer toys:.
Myles Munroe's book, The Principles and Power of Vision, is a must-read for anyone who is hungry for purpose.
Here is how the graphics wrap on my car came to be.
So far I have been using this camera in my bedroom and it has been pretty good.
Hands-on with the new Samsung Galaxy Note 7, which has a built-in accelerometer, gyroscope and accelerometer.
Nice band, I plan to buy a few more albums from them.
Here's a look at some of the more unusual light fittings I've tried in the last few months.
BBC Radio 5 live pundit Steve Coppell says he has seen a big improvement in the quality of music coming out of the BBC's studios in London.
A toothpick holder has been shortlisted for this year's BBC Small Business Awards.
This is one of my favourite people to work with.
Great book by the author of The Great Gatsby.
A lot of people have been telling me that this is the best game they have ever played.
Exactly the same as the one my 2013 Elantra GT came with.
Works great as a back up server for your computer.
This is one of my favourite things to do in the summer, and it's easy to see why.
Bought this for my college graduation party and loved it.
A few weeks ago, I got a new wallet from Amazon and I couldn't be happier with it!
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge has a 3,000 mAh battery that charges in under an hour.
I found this dress on Amazon for just $9.99 and I couldn’t resist.
I have just moved into a new house, and the first thing I did was install a solar panel on the roof.
I've been trying out a new game called Conflict Vietnam, and it's not as good as Conflict Vietnam!
These are the best centering rings I've ever used.
The BBC Sport website has a full list of BBC Sport products on sale in the UK.
This is a really cute toy that you can put on your child to make them laugh.
This is an easy-to-use tool that allows you to set up and manage your email address, as well as manage your social media accounts.
I have just finished reading the book, The Girl on the Train, and I can't put it down!
This rug tape has been a lifesaver for me and my dog.
My wedding dress for this year's bridesmaids' ball has been designed and made by me.
This is a great deal on a grill cover!
I love this book because it gives you all the information you need to become a better cook.
A look at some of the best-known pieces of furniture from around the world.
The BBC has a full review of this year's new BBC iPlayer app, which allows users to check what they are listening to, as well as play music and watch videos.
My review of the Bose QuietComfort 35 headphones is due to be published later this week.
How do you get started with making your own essential oils?
This is my Dad’s new toy!
I've been working on a new lighting design for my house and I've been given the opportunity to test out some of the new LED flames I've made.
When I was looking for a screen protector for my iPhone 5S, I came across this set of three!
An easy-to-use, high-quality, all-in-one sewing kit for your sewing machine.
This is the best pop socket I’ve ever had!
He was a dragon king and now he has to prove to a young girl that dragons do exist and that she might be his mate.
This is a bookbag that I have had for the past two years.
I’ve been using this BB cream applicator for a while now and I’m really happy with how it’s working.
If you're looking for a new way to spice up your relationship, here's one for you!
Very delicious and just the right amount of sugar.
I've been using this for a while, and it has been a success.
Nicely made bling napkin wrap for your table.
I've been using this inflator for a while and it's been working great!
Here's a look at some of the best moments from this year's T in the Park:.
I have been using this for a few weeks now and it has been a success.
Tests are now under way on the latest generation of Apple's AirPods.
I have been using this massage belt for a few years now and I have found it to be very effective.
This is one of the most popular children's toys in the UK, so we had to have it!
I'm testing a new speaker system for my iPhone 7 Plus, and it seems to work well.
Got these for my mom and she loves them!
These are some of the best headphones I've ever used.
I have been using the Apple iPad Pro for the past two months and it has been very easy to use.
Here's a look at some of the more unusual chairs you might have seen on the internet.
Huge fun for my little girl when she goes to bed.
I’m a big fan of DIY projects, so I had to try out some of these DIY wall hangings.
I've been using my new mobile phone for the first time and I'm really happy with it.
My mum and i have been trying out some new headphones and we think they are pretty good!
So much fun with the right friends and the right food!
I've just got back from a trip to the Maldives, where I had a great time with some friends, and got back to the UK to find this on my doorstep.
I have been using this face wash for the past few weeks and it has been helping with my acne.
I bought this shawl at a yard sale, and it turned out to be the perfect size for me.
Very well made and cute - a perfect gift for a little girl.
Here is a picture of a toy dog that my great-grandmother used to have.
This umbrella is so awesome the color changes so much it's hard to tell what colour it is!
I've just got a new car and it's got a built-in charger.
Good quality, good value for money and a good quality product.
Ziploc bags are one of the best inventions we have seen in a long time.
A new band for my Fitbit Charge 3 has been delivered to me and I'm very happy with it.
These are some of my favourite things to wear in the winter.
This is a great deal for the money, and a great idea for the child.
Easy-to-clean, easy to clean and easy to eat.
Look at this super cute fleece jacket from L'Oreal.
I’ve been using Amazon’s Alexa virtual assistant for a few months now and I’m really happy with the results.
Just when you think you've seen it all, there's more to come.
These are some of the best wires I’ve ever used, and they’re cheap too.
They do what they are supposed to do and they do it well.
Replaced my dead battery in my iPhone 7 Plus.
I ordered a bed for my dog from Amazon, and it arrived within a week.
A brush that can be used to clean, clean, or brush with soy sauce is a good buy.
England Under-21s beat Wales Under-20s in a pre-season friendly at Twickenham.
I've been using this air fryer for a month now and it's working great!
Here's a look at some of the things you might have missed out on if you were looking for an easy-to-use app:.
I’m a big dog fan and I’ve been using this dog travel tube in my car for almost a year.
The Mrs. and I decided to redo our light fixtures and we wanted dimmable vintage style lights.
This is the story of how I ended up with the most unexpected Christmas present.
A new set of mobile phone chargers have been installed at the entrance to my house in south-west London.
I've been trying out a new jacket at work and I'm quite happy with it.
Like the solar powered one I use it all the time but it has a built-in charger so I can charge it at the same time.
These are great, perfect for my harbour freight jack and ford focus.
I have just bought a rolled leather collar for my dog, and it is very well made.
My wife and I are getting ready to go out on a date so I thought I would post a picture of us in our wedding dress.
I've been using this camera bag for a few months now and I've got to say it's really good.
Great bowls for your cat or dog, easy to wash and easy to clean.
A good facial machine, easy to use at home, feel my face more soft and smooth.
These are some of the best over the ear headphones I have ever tried.
I bought a weighted blanket to help me fall asleep at night.
Here's a look at some of the more unusual designs you may have seen on the internet.
My mum and I have been working on our wedding present for the last few days, and I've got to say I'm really pleased with how it turned out.
I've been using a wireless mouse for the first time and it's been a godsend.
These are some of the most unusual socks I've ever seen.
Like the taste of these, I'm not sure if I would make them again, but they are pretty good.
Fit perfectly awesome quality and makes my Lightning look sleek.
A couple of years ago we moved into our new house and we were very pleased with the results of our new windows.
I've been using Olay products for 30 years, and they're still working for me.
I have been using this for the last two years and it has been very good.
These adorable pjs are so easy to put on and take off.
I have just received my new walkie-talkie and I am loving it!
I have been using this for the past two years and it has been a huge success.
My Christmas present from Santa was a baking set for my granddaughter!
Dame Sarah-Jane has been spotted out and about in Los Angeles, California, with her hair in a bun.
This is a great product for stinky carpets.
I have a dog who loves cheez whiz and peanut butter.
Using these for board-game bits is a great idea!
The characters in this book were really well written and made me laugh a lot.
A side table with a built-in cover for the grill is a great addition to any kitchen.
This is a great set of cards for children to play with.
I've just had my first cup of Earl Grey tea and I have to say it's pretty good.
Very happy with this Tahini made with sesame seeds.
I love listening to Walker Hayes on his new album, The Sound of Silence, so I had to share it with you!
Scent of lavender, lavender and lavender - it's the stuff of dreams.
We've been trying out a new type of water resistant door at home and it seems it works!
I’ve always liked these for making decals reusable.
These little metal dows are great for adding support to a stereo entertainment system.
It worked well for us, so we decided to give it a go again.
I have been using this for a number of years and it has been a big hit with my customers.
Majestic Essential Oils are one of my favourite brands of essential oils.
This is a great tool to help you get the most out of your mobile phone.
How do you keep your house cool in the winter?
As advertised, this is an all-in-one raincoat with a built-in windscreen.
A friend of mine has been using my new head-up display (HUD) on his Harley-Davidson.
I've just finished watching the BBC One documentary about the life and times of the late British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher.
I've been using this to close gaps in my front door for the past two years.
Here's a look at some of the best pictures from this year's British Fashion Awards.
This is a very good deal for the size of the bookcase you get with this book.
Here's a quick look at some of the things you might have missed out on:.
A good place to start if you want to get into aromatherapy.
A lot of people have been asking me for years if I would ever consider buying one of these.
I bought this for my husband, it comes in red and black.
This is what I use to help me sleep at night.
Here's a look at some of the things you might not have known about the skin-tightening technology known as SPF.
These are some of the rarest gold bars in the world.
This is a great project and I'm really looking forward to working on it!
Great book on the history of the American Civil War and the battle of the Somme.
I've had a lot of people ask me about my delivery service, so I thought I'd put together a list of the best ones.
Coffee is a great way to start the day, especially if you don't want to go to work.
I got an Amazon Prime membership for Christmas and it’s been pretty good so far.
I’m not a big fan of yoga but I’ve been trying out some new equipment and this is one of the results.
Here's a look at some of the things you might have missed out on if you were looking for a gift for your child.
A number of people have contacted us to tell us what they think about our products, so we have put together a list of the best ones.
I have been using a new pair of bluetooth earbuds for a few weeks now and they are really good.
Took an hour and a half to install.
I've been using this product for a few years now, and it's been a lifesaver!
As another reviewer wrote, this story broke my heart.
Fits the bottle of my iced tea like a glove, so I don't have to worry about running out.
A look at some of the highlights from BBC Radio 4's Today programme, which was broadcast on Sunday.
Check out our selection of the best handbags from around the world.
A new set-top box with a built-in TV tuner has been hailed as "a godsend" by a customer.
I’ve been using these cat litter liners for years and they’re getting better and better.
I am so happy to say that I have been given a pair of these by the lovely people at The Children's Place.
I've had my hands on one of these for a few days now, and I have to say it's pretty good.
This is one of the best-selling iPad cases in the world.
Here's an idea for a better battery charger.
This is a good book to read if you are looking for a good crime story.
These anti-acne patches have been a huge hit with me and I've been using them ever since.
I have been using the Ziploc bags for the past two years and they have been very good for me.
I got this bracelet for Christmas from a friend and it's just as good as I thought it would be.
Look at some of the bargains we've had in our shop this week!
This is a very good tool, it's easy to use and it's very easy to clean.
This is one of the best books I've read in a long time.
A very good deal for a very good product.
A solar-powered phone with a built-in rechargeable battery has been given to the BBC.
This projector is a great buy for families, church groups, neighborhood get together, etc.
Bought one about a month ago and have been using it ever since.
Ori is one of the best side-scrollers I've played in a long time.
This is the toy car you won't regret buying!
I have been trying out a new type of compression hose and have been really happy with the results.
A cat toy shop has opened in London for the first time in more than 50 years.
Locks, locks and more locks - here are some of the best tips for keeping your children safe and tidy.
Here is a dress I made for a friend's little girl.
This is not a diet book for the faint-hearted.
I've been using nicotine patches to help me quit smoking.
A selection of the best children's books published in the last year.
Bought for grand daughter, she likes it.
A few weeks ago I bought a buoy from Amazon and it was too big for me.
The Puritan brand of cortisone has helped me to play softball for the first time in my life.
This is a really cool pair of shoes that you can buy online.
This is a really good bag to carry your camping supplies in, especially if you're going to be camping.
Keeps the thighs from rubbing when I wear dresses.
Here are some tips on how to make your cat's life easier:.
A man has written to his ex-girlfriend to say he's sorry for not being able to deliver on the date they agreed on.
Bought to adjust ph in pool, and less dangerous to handle than Muriatic acid.
This is a great set of scissors for grooming your dog.
This is a great idea for any event where you have lots of people coming and going.
A tomahawk axe is a good buy, especially if you are going on a camping trip.
Huawei's new Honor 6X smartphone comes with a screen protector that glues to the screen when it is dropped.
Check out our selection of the best handbags for 2017.
My daughter and I have been trying out some new bras and these are the first ones we have tried.
Check out our selection of the best kit for the 2016 Rio Olympics.
I got this power bank from Amazon for my iPhone and it's working great!
I've been wearing a lot of hats over the past few years, so I've been looking for some that will last longer.
I'm not a big fan of dogs, so I was a bit surprised when I found out they were being used in the filming of the new Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
Fast delivery, fair price and good quality - all things you need to know if you want to improve your appearance.
I've been using this for a few months now and I've got to say, it's pretty good.
Here's a look at some of the more unusual designs you might have seen on the internet.
I have been using these for a few years now and they have been a great help to me.
This is my first attempt at using a hood on a digital camera, and I'm pleased with the results.
Love, love, love our new duvet!
The Philips Sonicare brand of air fresheners are available in a range of colours and sizes.
My wife and I have been playing with a new toy for the first time, and it seems to be working well.
Easy to use when halving recipes and you need 1/8 of an egg.
Here's a quick guide to how to make your own iced tea.
This is a great idea for children to play in the garden, especially if they are looking for something to do.
This is a great way to take pictures of your garden with your smartphone or tablet.
If you are looking for a stroller to pop in the trunk to go for a run this is the one for you.
This is a small wind turbine that you can use to make a big fan.
This is one of the best-selling dresses in the UK.
Here's a taste of what it's like to eat a spicy leather boot.
This pair of Levi jeans are on sale for just £9.99 on Amazon.
A friend of mine has given me their spare set of scissors and I've been using them to cut down on the number of flies in their garden.
This is the moment Australia beat New Zealand in the Rugby World Cup final for the second year in a row.
I've got a new toolbox and it's got a built-in drawer.
I'm so happy to say that I'm the first person in my family to get a set of nail brushes!
The following products have been approved by the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA).
Love it or hate it, it's a great tool to have in your home.
Have you ever wondered what a good scratching post would look like?
I've been using this bike for a couple of months now and I have to say it's pretty good.
I have been using this camera for a few months now and it has been working well for me.
I have been using this for a couple of weeks now and I have to say it has been a great experience.
I'm so happy to say that I have a new backpack!
This is our new sofa and it has been a big hit with our family.
This set of sheets are so cute, and my baby loves to sleep on them!
These are some of the latest designs by the French artist, Jean-Paul Gaultier, which you can see in the gallery above.
As part of our series of giveaways, we are looking at some of the best products for your home.
I was really impressed with the writing in this book, especially the way it was told.
I have been trying out a new gadget to see if it will protect my fridge from the elements.
Here's a look at some of the more unusual images from around the world this week:.
What do you use to help you keep your back in the right position?
I've been using a pair of reading glasses for the first time.
A little too big for my feet, but not too small for my ankles.
Have been taking this supplement for the first time and it is helping me to sleep better at night.
This is a great idea for anyone who likes to hang things on the wall.
This is a very good product and a good price for what you get.
How do you stop your cat from peeing on your carpet?
Tributes have been paid to the victims of the Manchester Arena terror attack.
Worked great as a bead collection hose on my glass bead blaster.
If you’re looking for a quick and easy way to hydrate your plants, try these.
I have been playing with some of my new jewellery and this is what I came up with.
This is what I got for my birthday this year.
Look at this stunning bracelet from the brand new line of designer handbags, made by L'Oreal in Paris.
A great deal of money has been spent on this product, but it is worth every penny.
These are some of the most comfortable underwear I have ever worn!
I've been testing the Sennheiser E-Bass in my ears and here are some of the things I've found.
Great product easy to install with definitely recommend to anybody that wants an easy durable screen protect.
So cute and comfy, this is a great way to start the new year.
Great for old hands and a good value for money.
I've been using this one for a while and found it to be pretty good.
Very Sturdy, Looks Very Nice - Highly Recommend
I've been trying out some new hair products at work and I've got to say I'm pretty happy with the results.
Coffee mugs are a great way to hold your coffee in the car, but they can get hot.
One of my favourite meals of the year, and this was no exception.
Here's a review of a new phone holder that I got for my iPhone 7 Plus.
This is one of the best phone cases I’ve ever seen!
A camera that can be used as a selfie stick, a tripod and a remote control all in one!
Ride-sharing company Lyft has released a new pair of shoes that they say are "great for driving and walking".
This is one of the best-looking pans I've ever seen.
I've just returned from my first ever trip to the Maldives, where I stayed in a luxury villa on the Costa Brava.
What do you think of this kitchen extension that doubles up as a cupboard?
Husband and wife are celebrating the birth of their first child.
These are some of the best socks I have ever tried!
It's been a while since I posted anything on here, so I thought I'd share a few of my favourite posts from the past few weeks.
This is an easy-to-use train set that has a built-in bridge add-on.
I've just read the first part of the new novel by the British writer and poet, David Hempleman, and I have to say I'm quite impressed.
Great customer service and a replacement for the wrong size ring.
Very pleased with the progress made by the team in the first half of the season, and look forward to the second half.
This bottle of olive oil has been described as "the best I've ever had".
I've been trying out a new Wi-Fi range extender and I have to say it's pretty good.
I like using the Gripes to clean my clubs.
This is the best trimmer I’ve ever used.
Here's a look back at some of my favourite images from this year's Tour de France.
These changing pad covers are really cute and easy to clean.
Just the black that I needed to make my nails look more professional.
This is the best hot sauce I've ever had.
This is the only product my wife uses when she is doing pole fitness.
I got this dimmer switch for the outdoor patio lights we had to always plug and unplug.
Here's a look at some of the more eye-catching looks from this year's Golden Globes.
I have been using this for a few months now and I have to say it has made a big difference to my life.
A friend of mine has been using this for years and says it has made a big difference in his life.
Worked great and was OEM quality, perfect fit and fixed the issue.
What are some of the things you would like your grandchild to know about you?
This is the perfect gift for a friend who is a bit of a tomboy.
I've just got back from a trip to the seaside in Cornwall and found this on sale at Argos.
I've been using this for a few months now and it has been a godsend!
Feels like a bad wasp sting or bee sting
Only problem is they didn't last long enough.
My go-to recipe for a light and healthy breakfast!
The BBC has released a new version of the BBC iPlayer app, which it says is much more user-friendly than the previous one.
I got this as a gift for my daughter.
For decorating and it is easy to use and looks nice.
These are some of the best shirts I have ever bought.
Blaze has released a new music video for his latest single, "I Don't Know What To Do With My Life".
Bought for my mother-in-law.
If you want to improve your communication skills, then this is the place to go!
They are like all other rubbermaid take a longs.
Renegade is the first book in the Moonshine Task Force series by Laramie Black.
I've been trying out a new method of making my own jewellery.
A look at some of the best photos from around the world this week.
Here are some of the best cat treats you can buy online.
I bought a new size 7 pair of trousers and I'm so happy with them!
I've been using a motor oil tool for a year now but had to get a new one to make my life easier.
I've been using these scissors for the past few months and they have been a lifesaver.
A selection of the best videos of the year, as compiled by BBC Radio 5 live.
I bought this product because I thought it would be a waste of money to buy a similar product.
I’ve been using the iphone x clear protection case for a few weeks now and I have to say it’s pretty good.
How do you make your own sausages?
Work in prison and these are handy for keys and I’d.
I've been using this scanner for a few years now, and it's proving to be pretty good.
These are some of the best light bulbs I've seen for under £10.
I've been looking at this video on YouTube, and I think it's pretty cool.
I'm looking for a good quality hand-me-down handkerchief to use in the garden.
This is a great bandage for dog bites.
A £1,000 soundbar with a built-in subwoofer has been given to me by a friend.
A friend of mine sent me an email saying he had found a toy that he thought I might like.
Have been using these for a couple of years now and they seem to be working well.
Great shield for the price and you get two!
This is an amazing piece of jewellery, worth thousands of pounds.
Coconut oil is one of the best-selling fragrances in the world, so why not give it a try?
A few weeks ago I ordered a cat tree from Amazon, and it's been a hit.
Works for my application, got hear fast and can't wait to get started!
They are a great way to get a good night's sleep, especially if you are in a dark room.
Received on time from the postman, so I don't have to wait for a reply.
The latest episode of Star Wars: The Force Awakens is out!
Great price and good quality - all you need to know is to try it out for yourself.
This is a great case for your essential oil collection.
These are some of the dresses I wore to my wedding last year.
Great product and quick shipment to your door! Thank you so much!
This is a really cool pen and paper holder that you can use to write on the wall.
Mother-in-law, who died in a car crash last year, was a huge fan of the Beatles and had a collection of their albums.
If you are looking for a smart alarm clock, then this is the one for you!
The first book in a new series by a British author has been well received by me.
Good buy for £1,000 - £2,000, £3,000 and £5,000.
This is the first time I have used a concealer and it has been great!
This is a great idea for anyone who uses a garden hose, especially if you want to use it in the summer.
My wife and I have been using this product for years, and it has been a huge success.
Good to see you on the other side of the world.
Wife loves this iron and says it's the best thing she's ever owned.
Very good news for those of you who have been looking for a new bike - here's a guide to some of the best.
Sticks of incense are a great way to make your room smell better.
I just got back from the beach and this is what I found in my closet.
I've been using this blender for a few weeks now and I have to say it's pretty good.
A look at some of the things you might have missed in the news this week.
Got a new computer and didn't want to reuse the old firewire card.
My wife and I have been wearing this dress for our wedding and it has been a huge hit!
The BBC has tested the latest version of the BBC iPlayer app, which has a built-in wi-fi hotspot and an app for finding the best places to watch it.
What my dog eats- good value for money.
This little Shopkins camper set was a big hit with my daughter when she opened it on Christmas Day.
Tributes have been paid to former US President George W. Bush and his wife, Michelle, who died in a plane crash.
These are some of my favourite things that I have bought in the last few months.
I’m a breast-feeding mother of a two-year-old boy and I’ve been using a breast pump for the past six months.
I have been using this for a couple of years now and it has been really good for me.
This is one of the best lip balms I've ever used.
This is one of my favourite movies of all time, so I had to share it with you.
Great stuff works well and I'm looking forward to seeing how it pans out in the future.
I've had this spoon for a few months now and it's been a big help.
Just buy it, it's free, you don't need to know anything about it, and you won't regret it.
A few days ago, I bought this shirt from a shop in London, and I can't wear it.
These are some great ideas for watering your plants!
We've had a lot of enquiries about our website, so we thought we'd send you an e-mail to let you know what we think.
I've been playing around with some of the new iPhone apps and I've come up with a couple of ideas that I'd like to try out.
I have just got back from a trip to the seaside and bought a new pair of shorts from Amazon.
Work is under way on a number of major projects in the UK, including the construction of a new runway for London's Olympic Stadium.
An absolute life saver getting out of bunkers!
I have been using this serum for my hair for the past few months and it has made a huge difference.
I’ve been trying out a new pair of shorts at work and they’re so comfortable!
I have been using this laptop for a few months now and I have found it to be pretty good.
This is a very good deal on an easel for under £20.
Here's a look at some of the latest inventions from the world of robotics.
This is the Sumac spice that I have been using in my kitchen for the past few weeks.
We had a lot of fun decorating our Christmas tree this year, so we thought we would share some of our finds with you.
I've been using this for a few years now, and it's been a godsend.
I found this really cute iron key on etsy and had to have it!
This is what it looks like when you have to wash a pair of trousers.
I'm a big fan of portable chargers, so I've been testing out some of the latest models on the market.
This is what I got in the post today, after a couple of weeks of trying to get it to work.
A friend of mine has been using a new camera for a few years and says it has improved the quality of his pictures.
If you're looking for a microwave to microwave your food in, then this might be the one for you.
I've got a new feature on my phone that charges twice as fast as my old one.
This is a great product for people who work in an office with lots of people around.
Underwear just as described by the customer, they are very comfortable and the colors are also very nice.
If you’re looking for a selfie ring light for your desk, then this is the one for you!
These are some of the most comfortable socks I've ever worn.
Here's a look at some of the outfits I've been working on over the past few weeks.
This book is the best reference book for 2- 5 year old.
Loved the case, only reason for another one was scuffed up camera lens, other than that no problems, when I removed the phone after 6 months, it looked like new.
I have been using this product for the first time and it seems to be working.
Easy on the skin, easy off the skin.
Great for kids who have heavy backpacks and a good value for money!
This is the best video game ever made by Nintendo.
If you're looking for an all in one screwdriver then this is the one for you.
I've been using this to clean cymbals on my drum set and it's been working well.
The perfect pajamas for my sweet granddaughter that came to visit.
I've been using this one for a couple of years now and it's been a success.
This is the part to use if you want to make your own oem.
I've just finished watching the BBC's adaptation of JK Rowling's The Casual Vacancy, and I have to say it's really good.
Movies are great work great in the USA Blu-ray DVD players however the case is so cheap there's no way you can store them in those cases.
The second instalment of the Resident Evil series has been released on the Xbox One.
This is a light-up pen that you can use to write on your computer or tablet.
How do you get rid of a bad smell?
Tested and approved by me - these labels are very easy to write on and are very durable.
Like that has easy close lid over dispenser hole to keep picks clean.
A good quality fitted sheet with a soft, breathable fleece lining.
Paired with the VIVOSUN Digital Seedling Heat Mat Thermostat Controller, this heating mat allows me to keep the temp of my pepper and tomato seedlings at a steady 80 degrees.
So far so good, I hand wash them like all my other dishes because I don't want to take any chances.
Great value, will purchase again in the future.
These poached eggs are so easy to make!
This is one of the best cleaning products I have ever used.
St Michael the Archangel is one of the patron saints of the police, so I thought it would be a good idea to give him a gift.
Here's a look at some of the outfits I've been wearing this week:.
Outstanding read from the author of the best-selling children's book, The Cuckoo's Calling.
Stanley has sent me a set of screw drivers to try out and I'm very happy with them.
Shipped to your address in the US and Canada.
This is a good film, but it's not what you would call a classic.
Stevie Nicks has just released a new perfume, and it’s got some pretty powerful scents!
This is a really cute snowman slide that I have been using on my wall for the last few months.
Needed a dial indicator to build a rear end didn’t want to spend a fortune so this is the solution.
Check out these new security keys that you can use with your existing key.
BBC Radio 5 live is available on BBC iPlayer, iPlayer and iPlayer.
These are some of the best speakers I have ever used.
Without a doubt I knew Nikki's book would be a great addition to my home and she DID NOT Disappoint!
A great deal of money has been spent in the last few days on a new car, and it has been a pleasure to look at.
Look at this amazing video of the world's tallest man, Manolo Blahnik, performing at the opening ceremony of the 2016 Rio Olympics.
I've been working on a photo shoot for a couple of weeks now, so I thought I'd share some of the work I've done.
The Samsung Galaxy S4 and S4 Plus have been a big hit with our family.
These are some of the best children's toys I have ever bought.
Wales' best-selling sportswear brand, Adidas, has launched a new range of high-performance sports bras, including one with a built-in microphone.
I’ve been using this for two years and it’s been a lifesaver.
These are some of the best Christmas nuts I have ever had.
I've been using this charger for a couple of weeks now, and it's been pretty good.
I have a problem with my mobile phone and I don't know how to unlock it.
Last week, I bought a Facial Brush on Amazon.
A selection of the most popular products for the home, including:.
These duffle bags are the perfect size for a weekend trip!
This is one of the best gifts I have ever received.
Cute for my little dog and cute for the rest of the world.
This is a really cute toy dog collar that is so easy to put on!
These are the latest in a series of mailers I've been sending out to my customers.
Purchased these for my trailer, and they worked perfectly.
I've been using a new mood-enhancing drug called Ambien and I have to say it's pretty good.
This is the best leather conditioner I have found.
BBC One's The Only Way Is Essex has been renewed for a second series, this time for a third and final series.
This is one of the best albums I've ever listened to.
These are some of the designs I've been working on for my new website.
This is a rug I made for my niece & nephew when they were little.
It's been a few weeks since my last post, so here's a round-up of what I've been up to.
I've been using this to apply my make-up for the last few years.
A couple of weeks ago I had the pleasure of buying a new Â£10,000 car.
Check out our review of the new Samsung Galaxy Note 7 smartphone case.
I'm so happy to say that my Christmas present has turned out to be just what I hoped it would!
The sound quality of this speaker is much better than other similar products I've tried.
As I read this book, I was taken back to my own childhood.
I've just received my new Â£10,000 camera from a friend and it's been a blast.
Nice light t shirt, comfortable to workout in, pocket for my phone.
This is how I'm going to use my new 3D printer to make some of my new designs.
I have just received my new iPhone 7 Plus case from Amazon and I can't wait to test it out.
So nice I bought two of them for my mum.
I have just got a new washing machine and it has been a lot of fun.
These are some of the best drill bits I have ever used.
As described in the review, the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge has a built-in accelerometer and gyroscope that can detect when the device is being used.
A friend of mine has been using this charger for a few months and has been very happy with it.
I've been using this stand for my iPhone 7 Plus for the past few months, and I've been really happy with it.
If you are a small female like me these are the perfect pants for you!
I've been using one of these in my office for the last few years.
If you're looking for a new brush to use in the bathroom, then this is the one for you!
My wife and I have been trying out a new cable for our car, and it seems to be working.
Very comfortable, supportive, and fit perfectly into my trousers.
I've been looking for some socks for my toddler and found these at Amazon.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is the best smartphone I've ever used.
Great value for money and a great gift for a loved one.
These are some of the more unusual designs we have seen in the last few years.
I’ve been using the Mavic Air for the past two months and have been blown away by the quality of the lens.
These are some of the best snacks you can buy online and they are so easy to clean!
I've been using this bag for a couple of weeks now, and it's proving to be a lifesaver.
I got a TV for my new house and it's free!
Pamela Samuels Young is one of my favourite authors and this book is no exception.
Liking the durability and feel of this comforter.
I bought this case for my iPhone 7 Plus because I love the way it looks and feels.
I've had a very good start to the new year with the arrival of the first shipment of the year from the UK, and it has gone down well.
I've been using this for a few years now, and it's been a lifesaver.
Great-grandmother and great-great-grandson had a bit of a scare on the way home from the hospital, but it turned out all was okay.
These are the best ear buds I've ever used.
This is the weight we've been using to make our new tungsten puddy weights.
A good quality, well-made belt with a good fit.
I have been using the Solar Watch for the past two months and it has been a great experience.
David Joy has written an amazing book about the life and death of a young boy in Vietnam.
This is a new version of the original Pulley, which was made in the 1970s and 1980s.
Stacey Doherty is back on the BBC Radio 1Xtra airwaves with a special one-hour show on Saturday night at 7.30pm.
This is a great way to get rid of fungus in your garden.
Very clever little lights that work in the dark!
The Apple AirPods are a great way to listen to music on the go.
A look back at some of the most memorable moments in the history of the BBC.
My son and I went to the park today and tried out some of the new kids' toys.
This is a great book to read if you want to know more about the effects of smoking on your health.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters.
In our series of giveaways, we are looking at some of the more unusual finds.
Great fun and entertaining games for this most special occasion.
Works better than I expected, so I'm going to give it a go again.
I've been using this bottle for a while now and I've been finding it to be really good for me!
Jojoba oil is one of the newest products on the market and I have got to say I love it!
This advent calendar has been a huge hit with my children.
This is a really good deal for the toner cartridges you need for your printer, especially the black ones.
These are some of the most flattering dresses I’ve ever owned.
I have been using these headphones for a few weeks now and they have been very good for me.
My girlfriend and I are both big fans of this set of earrings, so I thought I'd share our experiences with you.
The wait is almost over for the next series of The Only Way is Essex!
I've been using these to clean my bathroom for the first time and I'm loving it!
I've been looking for a good bag for my photography equipment and I've found one on eBay.
Harry Potter fans have been sharing their favourite quotes from the Harry Potter books on social media.
A tip from a member of the public has helped me solve the problem of my ice-filled recycling bin.
A dog has been waiting for some new toys for a long time.
Carry-on is one of the most popular carry-on items in the airline industry.
This spiderman mask has been given to me by a friend in Cape Town, South Africa.
Just what I needed to start a new blog.
Great quality chair cover for my dining room chair.
These are some of the best quality parchment liners I have ever seen.
I'm so happy to say that I'm a big fan of the sheets I've been sleeping on at the moment.
Mentioned on Twitter: "This is the first time I've been able to see the inside of a car."
A very good telescope for children with special needs has been given to me by a friend.
This is a knee brace designed to help people with a dislocated knee or ankle.
This is one of the best books I have read in a long time.
Check out this amazing video of a robot that's been working in a factory in China.
Very nice to have in your home, even if you don't use it often.
I’ve been using my laptop on a tripod for a while now, but I didn’t have any place for the mouse pad or power supply.
I’ve been testing out a new product from Amazon, and it’s a garden hose!
This little turkey is having a blast on the farm!
This is a good product for the price and it is easy to install and use.
Here's a video of how to make an iguana iguana poo.
They don't make 'em like this anymore.
My husband and I have been trying out some new toys at our house, and they are a bit different from the ones we are used to.
I have just bought a new set of curtains at a local shop, and they are amazing!
My Mom and I have been wearing this beanie for the last couple of days.
This is a great gift for anyone with a young one or two.
This is a great idea to make it easier to lock doors in your home.
Easy to use Easy to install make sure that you ring your doorbell after install to make it see the power source
A few of my friends and I have been using these washing machines to wash our blouses and underwear.
Thoroughly enjoyed reading this book from the start to the end.
Easy to swallow, easy to spit out, and easy to swallow again.
My daughter has just turned one and she loves it!
A few weeks ago I bought a USB charger for my laptop, only to find out it didn't work.
I wore a thigh wrap to work on Monday and it was a godsend.
A couple of weeks ago I was looking for a new air conditioning unit for my house and found one on Amazon.
If you’re looking for a Christmas present this is the one for you.
It's been a while since I've posted a picture of myself, so I thought I'd share this one of me with you.
This is a great product that is easy to clean, easy to store and easy to use.
I have just bought a bottle of this from a shop in London, and I am so happy with it!
Bought for a friend in jail, it turned out to be a birthday present for another inmate.
A quick and easy way to get your skin to look younger and fairer.
A selection of the best-sellers for 2017, as compiled by BBC Sport.
It’s so pretty and has a good quality.
I've just got back from a trip to the seaside, where I bought a new toy dog for my daughter.
Just right size to fit in your hand, but not too big or too small.
Great product at a great price - especially if you're looking for something to do with your hands.
I have been using these calf supports for my running shoes for the last few months and they have been a huge hit.
I've been using these bands for a couple of months now, and they are really comfortable to wear.
Just received a parcel in the post from a friend in the UK, so I thought I'd take a look at what it was all about.
I have just returned from a trip to the seaside, where I was given the opportunity to try out a new type of rain cover for my car.
This is a very neat phone/camera stick that you can use to take group photos.
Have you ever wondered what your cat would do if you gave them a cat scratcher?
Cameras with a built-in camera can be mounted on the back of a chair or stand.
It does it;s job, it makes ya POOP!
I've been using the Apple Pencil for a few months now and it's pretty good.
Was the perfect size light weight, we use it for our trailer.
This is one of the best documentaries I have ever seen.
I have just finished my first book, a biography of the Scottish author Sir Anthony Trollope.
I've been using the new Netgear G5 Wireless Adapter for the past few months and it has been a success.
I've been trying out a new app on my phone that allows me to control the volume of my music player.
This is the tank you need to start your own wind farm.
Here's a quick guide to how to set up and use the app on your phone or tablet.
We bought a couple of sofa covers from Amazon and have been using them for the last few months.
These are some of the best water shoes I have ever tried.
Love this, just wished the gallon was offered on Amazon.
Here's a look at some of the best things you might have missed out on this week.
I'm not sure if I'll ever be able to go back to the way I used to be, but I hope I'll never have to again.
An excellent rotary cutter and a good quality knife.
This is a great device to keep all your cords and cables in one place.
My dog loves to sleep in a crate so I bought this to make it easier for him.
A well written, fast paced story about a young girl who has to deal with the death of her father.
Here's a look at some of the more unusual chalk art you might have seen around the country.
I've been trying out a new fitness tracker that claims to slim me down, but I don't think it does any good.
I have been taking Keto pills for the past few months and they have been helping me lose a few pounds.
In case you missed it, here are some of the best moments from this year's Brit Awards.
I've been using this for the past few weeks and it's been a breeze to install.
Here’s what you’re missing out on if you don’t have one of these:.
This set of cleaning tools has been a great gift for my family.
This is the best blood pressure monitor I have ever bought.
BBC Sport takes a look at some of the best shots of the week from the BBC Sport Facebook page.
We have had our dishwashers for more than a year now and have had no problems with them.
This is a really good set of gift bags for under £10.
I'm very happy with my new £1,000 Sony Walkman and would recommend it to others.
Here's a selection of some of the photos I've taken over the past few weeks.
I've been using this bag for the past two years and it's been a lifesaver.
This is a great book to read if you are struggling with depression or anxiety.
Does the job perfectly well enough for me, and I hope it does the same for you, too.
Like the price and i bought it for my mobile phone.
An electric garage door opener with a built-in camera has been delivered to my house.
I bought this for my husband and he loves it!
This appliance stand saved my house when I left it on in the middle of the night.
I have been using this for a long time and it has been a lifesaver.
Bought on prime day and got it the next day!
Fit the product just as you would expect it to.
Replaced our garbage disposal as our old one was leaking.
I have been using this vacuum sealer for the last few weeks and it is proving to be very effective.
This is a great way to get the most out of the time you have with your loved ones.
I've just got back from a trip to the seaside with my family, and I've got to say I'm really pleased with the quality of the toys I've bought.
Meet the man behind the world's best-selling anti-wrinkle cream.
We went on a field trip to a local park on Saturday and got to meet some of the kids.
This Pirate hat has been on my wish list for a long time.
This tool set is the best I’ve ever used to apply caulk.
A few of you have sent in your photos of your new cigar case and we wanted to know what you thought about it.
Like it or not, this is one of the best videos of the year so far.
This is a good idea to get rid of some of the litter in your garden.
This is the best coffee maker I have ever had.
These are some of the best reusable bags I've ever used!
I have been using these sheets for a couple of weeks now and I have to say they are really easy to clean.
I've just got back from a camping trip in the Cotswold area of Wales and I'm really happy with the sleeping bag I've got.
This is a great book to help you make healthy smoothies.
This is the second book in a series about a girl who falls in love with a man in a reverse harem.
I've been playing with some new cutting boards at work.
Making your own Christmas decorations is easy, so here's a look at some of the ones you might want to make.
I like everything about this product - it's easy to clean, easy to put on and easy to take off.
Speaking To Influence is a great book for anyone who wants to improve their leadership skills.
Here's a picture of the shelf I've been using to store my computer equipment.
This is one of the most beautiful blankets I have ever seen.
This is one of the best films I have ever seen and one of my favourite films of all time.
The BBC has revealed the results of a three-year, £1.5m study into how the BBC's Radio 4 Today programme is perceived by the public.
Fits my hand nicely and looks good on me.
I've been wearing this dress for the last few days and I'm loving it!
A friend of mine got me this awesome sun shade for my car.
This is what I have been looking for for a long time.
For the money, you could get a lot more for your money if you buy something like this from Amazon, but I think this is a good buy.
My wife and I are very pleased with the new sofa we have got at our house.
I have been looking at some of the Christmas decorations on ebay and found some really cute ones.
Here are some of the flowers I've grown in my garden this year.
Bought it for my husband he loved it.
This is one of my favourite books of the year so far.
I bought this for my daughter for her birthday and she loves it!
Got the wrong thing shipped to me and asked for a refund.
Liked it so much I bought two more!
A quick review of the M4, which I've been using for the past few months.
This ticwatch wristband is a great alternative to the traditional tic-tac-toe wristband.
This is the last book in the Jane Yellowrock series.
Fits on my generator like a glove, so I don't have to worry about it running out of power.
A friend of mine has been using this to clean her bathtub and says it has been a lifesaver.
Car Guys Hybrid Wax Spray is the best car wash shampoo you'll ever use, better then their entire line up.
I've been having so much fun making my own Christmas decorations this year, so I thought I'd share some of my latest creations.
This is the kettle I've been using to make my tea for the last few days.
My Doberman Loves Having His Nails Trimmed and his Ears Cleaned When These Treats Are Present, I'd say he's a pushover!
I have a Kindle Fire tablet that I have been using for the past two years.
I've just got back from a trip to the Maldives and I'm so happy I ordered this!